Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: okay. Oh, I don't even have d nd beyond there. But
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if I need that
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: we're going to do a short time. Skip at the beginning, just to kind of get seeker back in. So we begin
Timothy Sackton: as you've returned to the airship
Timothy Sackton: below you, that
Timothy Sackton: where am I not so? Way too many things, and
Timothy Sackton: Below you the city of Uzukar stretches I
Timothy Sackton: sitting in the desert. surrounded on 2 sides by the irrigated planes and cattle pastures that
Timothy Sackton: that scratch along the edges of the of the 2 rivers that come to a confluence here at the side of the city.
Timothy Sackton: because the cars from the air is dominated by
Timothy Sackton: the palace, where you were
Timothy Sackton: mostly made of buildings of mud brick, not huge.
Timothy Sackton: probably no more than
Timothy Sackton: a thousand or 1,500 oryks live here.
Timothy Sackton: packed tightly in the walled city, the big open plaza
Timothy Sackton: before the palace itself on me.
Timothy Sackton: clearly notable, and visible from the air, with the towering walls adorned with
Timothy Sackton: vibrant, colorful murals of
Timothy Sackton: scenes of
Timothy Sackton: folklore of
Timothy Sackton: you have returned to the worship after having spoken with
Timothy Sackton: Chief Lubash and his advisors, General Maru and Loremaster Azogar.
Timothy Sackton: as he left.
Timothy Sackton: that the chief attend, having other business to intend to  invited you for dinner
Timothy Sackton: and further conversation. and asked to Maru and azure to.
Timothy Sackton: or asked you to provide a way for Maru and as a guard to visit your sky shift
Timothy Sackton: and see this
Timothy Sackton:  magical thing you speak of.
Timothy Sackton: and, in fact, even asked whether he would consider moving his command center to.
Timothy Sackton: So you don't have to have said yes, of course, but fact
Eric Rosenbaum: things either are differently. The wedding. The request to move his command center was from us or from them.
Eric Rosenbaum: You suggested that. Okay.
Mike Sackton: where they these, this is the to invite the the 2 advisors, the advisor people. Yeah, they can come. See the sky ship right? It's fine.
Timothy Sackton: so they will be here in half an hour or so. and in the meantime you have a few moments in which you update seeker on what happened while he was keeping an eye on the ship.
Timothy Sackton: and to the extent to which you want to discuss your course of action. Now is your brief opportunity.
You
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Eric Rosenbaum: right. What should we do?
UU Church of Boulder: I think we should go under.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I assume you're referring to hunting our Tardonian friends.
UU Church of Boulder: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: What do we know their location?
UU Church of Boulder:  I don't know if we know, but it seems like we could scry them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Figure that out.
Kate Sackton: I mean, they're headed this way through some desert from wherever they were last. So it's kind of
Kate Sackton: we just go that way from where they came from we probably find
Kate Sackton: I don't know how difficult it would be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, could we track the trail of the
Kate Sackton: ones who left here?
Kate Sackton: We have trackers, of course it would be slower than our airship. But
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, right? So some other chart onions visited here. Oh, yeah. So yeah.
Kate Sackton: they had some Ted onions.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, pretending trying to infiltrate and get the cloak and they killed? Did they come? One.
Kate Sackton:  yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: so what's our plan for getting the clip
Kate Sackton: beginning to think, we should leave it with these people
Eric Rosenbaum: all right
Kate Sackton: if we can keep them from being in danger from Cadmus and
Kate Sackton: creepy mummy. Guy
Eric Rosenbaum: a poly on a poly on. Thank you.
Mike Sackton: It.
Mike Sackton: Did we find that we didn't find out  anything about their history? Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Just I can't remember, like we never confirmed that they like made the cloak, or anything like that. Right?
Kate Sackton: Well, I mean again, with the inference.
Kate Sackton: everything here is brightly, colorfully painted. They call themselves the people with rainbow. The legend that we heard about the cloak from
Kate Sackton: whoever did. Research, said that it was made by the people of the Rainbow, like
Kate Sackton: it, all lines up with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: powerful magic for them to have created, though
Eric Rosenbaum: silence the gods!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, there was something about research from Ufcar and go here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a shorten summary of that
UU Church of Boulder: it's all in the session. There, it's
Eric Rosenbaum: wait a minute. Oh, there were links that you got in. You have to follow the links whole man so much time.
UU Church of Boulder: I wonder if we could show the cloak to the mirror like, I wonder if we could convince. I was wondering that, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is an interesting.
Kate Sackton: But so for our own learning, just because we're trying to decide
Kate Sackton: like, is there a way we could frame? It is beneficial to them
Kate Sackton: like, would there, Laura, master, like to use our magic mirror to look back at the days of his?
Kate Sackton: This like
Kate Sackton: something like that?
UU Church of Boulder: I think we could totally pitch them on it. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I mean it.
Kate Sackton: ruler seems to be like, yes, this is all interesting and stuff. We don't time for history. We're about to have a war
Eric Rosenbaum: so fair enough.
UU Church of Boulder: The dumbest's mirror is charged and ready to go.
Kate Sackton: but the cloak won't be here during the visit, because the king won't be here, or whatever he is. The what's his title?
Timothy Sackton: Chief
Kate Sackton: chief.
Eric Rosenbaum: who has rumors of a wild connection.
Eric Rosenbaum: Poly on stole, begged, traded, or otherwise acquired mental detection in the
Eric Rosenbaum: so perhaps there's a while people of the Rainbow.
Kate Sackton: I think the Fay wild thing was sort of a scholarly red herring
Timothy Sackton: it
Kate Sackton: just because it's an easy assumption, something magical probably fade
Kate Sackton:  or maybe there was some sort of assistance from the day to these people
Kate Sackton: back in their history.
Kate Sackton: It is all very interesting, and it would be cool to look at it, and you don't miss his mirror. But
Mike Sackton: he said, There.
Kate Sackton: secret! Did you catch the part about how they can't
Kate Sackton: maintain this space without it, like the chief, has been pacing this particular territory for
Kate Sackton: decades and centuries to like protect this particular ground.
Kate Sackton: so we can't just move all of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: The protection of the cloak is a kind of like slow, changing, spatial thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: I should read the session. I don't remember it being so much that
cloak had changed the land, as that. They had built
Mike Sackton: quite a lot here, and it would be hard to rebuild somewhere else.
Mike Sackton: and that
Mike Sackton: they can't be found easily.
Mike Sackton: It was more hiding. I couldn't tell if it was the cloak that hid them.
Mike Sackton: Was it the cloak that hid them.
Kate Sackton: I think he implied that the residents of the cloak in this particular place.
Kate Sackton: including using it intentionally to pace boundaries of this area
Kate Sackton: had reinforced their invisibility from the
Eric Rosenbaum: and and the cloak is protecting
Eric Rosenbaum: a space of a few miles or a hundred miles, or
Mike Sackton: the actual. No
Mike Sackton: power of the cloak to silence the gods is few 100 feet
Eric Rosenbaum: 200 feet.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: but it
Mike Sackton: they use the cloak to perform a ceremony that that frees
Mike Sackton: the or from their
Mike Sackton: from there
Mike Sackton: bindings their ch the chains, they call it, of of dark.
Eric Rosenbaum: and some some vulnerability. Still.
Kate Sackton: I think, but I think that anyone in the community of the unchained
Kate Sackton: is protected from the eyes of their God. Even out in the fields, miles away, because of the kings pacing the boundaries
Kate Sackton: sort of extension of the magic thing. There, there are 2 problems. There's the how do you make more on? How do you? Free chained Orcs?
Mike Sackton: And there's the they are
Mike Sackton: that their God does not like the existence of of of of unchained orcs, and is hunting them.
Mike Sackton: and so.
Mike Sackton: on the one hand, they need to cloak. Works who are born in this land are are
Mike Sackton: never change. They're fine
Mike Sackton: who are born elsewhere, needs the cloak to be freed, need a ceremony involved, and they have to be young, right? They have to be found as infants, basically.
Mike Sackton: And then
right? Because she was young.
Mike Sackton: wasn't she young.
Kate Sackton: No, I think the point was that she was young when she was with ceremony was done to chain her.
Kate Sackton: But you can't keep tortured as infants for their God.
Kate Sackton: And so, yeah, but I didn't think they could unchain anybody. I thought, that's why they were. They grew slowly
UU Church of Boulder: him. Did we have clarity on that
Timothy Sackton: now. I mean.
Timothy Sackton: first story is in the session notes. But it's not. She was not. And she remembered
Mike Sackton: right. Okay.
Mike Sackton: so she was. She was young young. Who was she? They were referring to you. So, General Marook, the there's 2 sort of the chiefs to right-hand people, General Marook.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: the war is the general. and she
Mike Sackton: was changes. She she came from the outside.
Mike Sackton: and her story implies that she was young. But it's unclear.
Mike Sackton: It's unclear exactly.
Mike Sackton: There's not a lot of clarity as to what how important youth is to being unchanged.
Mike Sackton: Della got the impression youth was important. and that you could just wander through
Mike Sackton: a word of Orcs with the cloak and have them all just be freed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Boom!
Kate Sackton: Irisman got the impression that it was just sort of the state of that person's sort of internal unrest with their God to begin with, or something that some of them would be
Kate Sackton: paperwork to the unchaining of someone
UU Church of Boulder:  of something unrelated. But I don't want to. Then this thread.
So I
Mike Sackton: at least this is not they. They're
Mike Sackton: the general, the chief. W. What's his name. Lubash. Lubash does not wish to flee, can't really flee.
Mike Sackton: because it would end his civilization and can't
Mike Sackton: give up the cloak because it would.
Mike Sackton: It's their only hope of
Mike Sackton: bringing their brethren.
Mike Sackton: They're only hope of growing their.
Mike Sackton: They wish at some level, at some dream, to see all works on change, and the cloak is their only hope of doing so.
Mike Sackton: so they will not, I think. wished to see it destroyed or taken
Eric Rosenbaum: to.
Eric Rosenbaum: so they have their own expansion of tendency. It's just less hyperbound than the other Orcs.
Mike Sackton: What? I see them more as abolitionists
Eric Rosenbaum: and expansionists. Right?
Mike Sackton: They didn't. They didn't speak as if they wanted to conquer
Mike Sackton: the world, just as if they wish to free their brethren.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do the other Orcs want to be unchained.
UU Church of Boulder: That's why I thought there was this whole like
Kate Sackton: some to some degree or not, things from
UU Church of Boulder: no secret. They're happy and content to slaves.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would only seek to ask
Mike Sackton: the orbs themselves this question. Maru's story certainly did not.
Mike Sackton: We've won the impression
Eric Rosenbaum: that a chained Orc had much free will
Mike Sackton: in that they are.
Mike Sackton: She spoke. What did she call it? It was just the chains.
Mike Sackton: the fires burn right. She talks about the fires of the chains
Mike Sackton: burning within her. Sometimes you could see it on her face when when Lubash
Mike Sackton: it took the cloak away that even then
Mike Sackton: there was something unsettling to her
Mike Sackton: about that experience.
Mike Sackton: He peeped.
Mike Sackton: cancelled the magic of the cloak for a brief time, so that I could check for invisible scrying sensors. But our magic did not work
Mike Sackton: near the cloak. My magic and Risen's magic did not work. We could not sense the gods at all.
Kate Sackton: Right, so we wouldn't be particularly effective guards.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was an I no, not really, or ken. So.
Kate Sackton: although he did make a lot of noise about how his hands are met. Very skating cancer would do somewhat better I could not even draw my sword.
You
UU Church of Boulder: of of the people who are coming Cadmos and party.
UU Church of Boulder: do any of them draw on divine magic? I don't. I think so. Maybe. Don't think so either.
Mike Sackton: Ben West
Mike Sackton: in last one of the new ones.
Mike Sackton: perhaps.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm
you.
Mike Sackton: So it seems we're left with a sense that
Mike Sackton: there's not much
Mike Sackton: hope, and
Mike Sackton: stealing away the cloak or lubash and the cloak.
Mike Sackton: Right it it west. Perhaps all was fallen, and it's a last attempt at keeping it from garage the great.
Kate Sackton: So he also sort of was like
Kate Sackton: doing exactly know what good the 5 of you are going to be. 4 of you, plus the guy on the ship
Kate Sackton: because he hadn't met you at seeker so.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I would guess that my magic is unaffected by the cloak, but I don't know that for sure.
You.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm also interested in this larger question of the relationship between
Eric Rosenbaum: for any creature. It's autonomous, free will and the relationship between that, and any God
Eric Rosenbaum: brings us into dangerous territory of alignment with.
Eric Rosenbaum: and previous previous efforts to eradicate the gods.
Eric Rosenbaum: What side might we end up on if we thought too deeply about these questions.
Kate Sackton: Here
Kate Sackton: have
Eric Rosenbaum: I, I, for one, valued my own
Eric Rosenbaum: at home.
Eric Rosenbaum: But is it an illusion? You know, at least
Kate Sackton: war and gods do see fit to yank me into other dimensions every once in a while. So
Kate Sackton: we
Kate Sackton: I do see that there is a big influence in my
Kate Sackton: pretty well.
Timothy Sackton:  About half an hour has passed since you arrived. And  How exactly do people get on to the airship
Eric Rosenbaum: letters?
Eric Rosenbaum: Of course there must be many, many ladders, naturally.
Timothy Sackton: So you are parked.
Timothy Sackton: hovering, not, I assumed, super high in the air, a little bit outside the city gates, and you see approaching a group of maybe
Timothy Sackton: 8 or 10 Orcs, mostly guards. But you recognize among
Timothy Sackton: among these Orcs the 2 that that some of you had seen, but most of you, except for Seeker, had seen before one General Marook, a woman in her prime, wearing
Timothy Sackton: chain, male carrying a sheet sort at her side.
Timothy Sackton: at
Timothy Sackton: greenish brown skin with
Timothy Sackton: her black hair tied back in it.
Timothy Sackton: Ponytail
Timothy Sackton:  march
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: well cared for teeth
Timothy Sackton: and pointy ears.
Eric Rosenbaum: tasks right
Timothy Sackton: tusks. Yeah. And aside beside her lord master as a guard.
Timothy Sackton: a much older, or a man maybe in his 70 is, although who knows? Because how do you tell the park is
Timothy Sackton:  a sort of
Timothy Sackton: supple dark green skin, long but thinning white hair. walking slowly with a cane
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: wearing just simple robes.
Timothy Sackton: colorful, but nothing elaborate, basically just a rainbow design around the hem and then fading to white up towards the torso.
Timothy Sackton: And they maru
Timothy Sackton: motions to the guards to to stay back and books up and signals up to you.
Timothy Sackton: and presuming you drop a ladder or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: cheap She kind of look set as the guard walking with his cane.
Timothy Sackton:  Asked Scrambles. She quickly clamps up the red ladder
Timothy Sackton: and greets you all
Timothy Sackton: acknowledging
Timothy Sackton: the previous meeting with Del with Rizman Wellby and Kenzo, who's like off doing so meditating, or something.
Timothy Sackton: and sort of gives a nod to seeker, and says you must be the other dwarf
Eric Rosenbaum: need.
Timothy Sackton: Do you have a easier way to ascend the ship? I am afraid the loremaster
Timothy Sackton: no longer has the strength to climb this ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: so I see I think we can arrange something.
Eric Rosenbaum: perhaps I could lower the ship a bit and create a simple stone gangplank a kind of stone ramp temporarily.
Timothy Sackton: that would be much appreciated.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I have to spend a spell as well to do that?
Timothy Sackton: if you're creating a with like wall of stone. Yeah, that's the spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then that's what I was imagining. I don't know if there's any other way to do what I described.
Eric Rosenbaum: You do it.
UU Church of Boulder: You can animate object, and
Eric Rosenbaum: it's Cooper. Oh, we could just fly him up.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be easier.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, all of these are
Eric Rosenbaum: spells, though. Right? Yeah. the there's nothing I can ritual cast that helps.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Mike Sackton: do we really you to spend a lot of? I mean, I could just go down. And
Mike Sackton: are you guys struggling to come up with a a solution here? And we don't want to win the ship.
Kate Sackton: We're struggling to come up with a way to not have any spell slots missing in the
Mike Sackton: impending disastrous battle that I yeah gotta imagine it happened. And I'll be dad to help you in a moment. Dell, with Will just step off the side of the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum:  thank you, Della.
Mike Sackton: let's see. I guess I'm going to use 2 spell slots. Why not? All short, full, short rest
Mike Sackton: we're gonna have. We're about to eat dinner right? Yeah. yeah. Fine.
Mike Sackton: So I'll cast a fly down, touch him! Cast! Fly! Fly back up.
Timothy Sackton: I'll say 5 min on the ladder.
Mike Sackton: Yes, so he is. Why not show up?
Timothy Sackton: Right? Amazing? That is a
Timothy Sackton: quite the trick you have there.
Timothy Sackton:  Fascinating as as he lands, and
Timothy Sackton: kind of looks around in his any! And he looks. And this.
Timothy Sackton: how exactly does this ship stay in the air?
Timothy Sackton: I am surprised to see
Timothy Sackton: so much boats.
Eric Rosenbaum: indeed, we are still unraveling the magical mysteries at its core.
Eric Rosenbaum:  but we possess on a device
Eric Rosenbaum: that through
Eric Rosenbaum: careful training we can control.
Timothy Sackton: fascinating, and I fascinating up.
Timothy Sackton: and that lets the ship
Timothy Sackton: float.
Eric Rosenbaum: wrote and do other things as well.
Timothy Sackton: Can I? Can I see this magical device?
UU Church of Boulder: There's so this guy?
Timothy Sackton: no! Because
Timothy Sackton: in a
Timothy Sackton: in the palace chamber you couldn't.
Mike Sackton: he couldn't solve it. He couldn't solve sight.
UU Church of Boulder: So it this is a lore, master guy.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: as a are.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I mean these. I I look around and make eye contact meaningfully like these Rainbow works. I haven't spent time with them, but you have. There are friends right? I'm saying implicitly.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's Ken Kennedy's soilside him, or is is Kenzo canonically? Not in the scene? I think he is not in the scene. He's meditating somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker, just sort of nods to himself like, I'll just. I'll just be a little careful about it. I won't. I won't spill all the beans.
Eric Rosenbaum: but also be able to resist showing off. So
Eric Rosenbaum: we walk over to the not hidden or anything portion of the ship that has the
Eric Rosenbaum: the whole apparatus, which is yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: the facing stone, an egg-shaped crystal stone surrounded by a I'm trying to remember. There's like a metal
Eric Rosenbaum: gold and silver lattice work around it, and it's on stone pillars
Eric Rosenbaum: with that. So I think here's the heart of the operation. It's the
Eric Rosenbaum: the the stone that bears the magical power, and I'm as we refer to it attuned to it. So it is connected to my mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: and if you'll just hold on to the side rail if you would. You like phrases themselves slightly I can, for example, make the ship rise briefly, and I just we just ascend a few.
Eric Rosenbaum: It can be a sense of acceleration.
Timothy Sackton: And all this just with your mind.
Timothy Sackton: You didn't touch anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I suppose that's that's true. It is a magical effect. Yes, many of which involve
Eric Rosenbaum: the mind controlling matter.
Timothy Sackton: I am quite fascinated by this, and and you made this yourself
Eric Rosenbaum: a powerful wizard.
Eric Rosenbaum: We
Eric Rosenbaum: thank you. We do have a great deal of assistance.
Eric Rosenbaum: I work together in these matters, many contributions from within our group here, and from others as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: We we have powerful allies.
Timothy Sackton: powerful. powerful allies
Eric Rosenbaum: like that
Timothy Sackton: help you? I'm
Timothy Sackton: Maru kind of steps over and says I, I think what my companion is
Timothy Sackton: trying to ask, and so
Timothy Sackton: could you do this again?
Kate Sackton:  We made an effort to help people in need, and in return for some of the efforts we've made, we were able to collaborate on creating this.
Kate Sackton: But that debt is paid. and
Kate Sackton: well, it wasn't really a debt but that that
Kate Sackton: exchange has occurred already. It's not
Kate Sackton: It's not that there is a place where these come from.
Eric Rosenbaum: In a way this ship was bestowed upon us, as Razun is saying, and it is an ancient ship. We are not its creators or its first owners
Eric Rosenbaum: merely a caretakers of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: The act of of creating a new ship is something that
Eric Rosenbaum: might be beyond our own powers. If that's what you're interested in.
Timothy Sackton: Maru says, this would indeed be a
Timothy Sackton: great tactical boon.
Timothy Sackton: No truth. We could control such things
Eric Rosenbaum: we have.
Kate Sackton: We have thought of ways to make it tactically beneficial
Kate Sackton: in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: combat situations.
Eric Rosenbaum: Congo.
Eric Rosenbaum: are you on the he looks he looks like he's on a plane.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You do not just land.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Awesome.
Timothy Sackton: you hear me? Can you hear me?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, cool. yeah. I'm still on the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I can type this in the chat.
Timothy Sackton: Perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hold on. Sorry I was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just got slightly distracted.
Timothy Sackton: yes, Maru was saying.
Timothy Sackton: I'm sorry. What did you respond? What did you say to that question?
Eric Rosenbaum: Other people helped you. You've considered as technical uses.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, okay.
you.
Timothy Sackton: So I I guess, then.
Timothy Sackton: who are these other people? There is not much hope that we could in their aid, then.
Kate Sackton: that this is the extent to which we can bring their aid to you.
Kate Sackton: But let us strategize about how we can
Kate Sackton: leverage all of our strengths.
Kate Sackton: We truly do wish to make as much impact in this
Kate Sackton: conflict with passport.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, we may not be able to provide another magical ship, but we're willing to see how we can use ours to help you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seekers started to look a little.
Eric Rosenbaum: A little
Eric Rosenbaum: possessive. That sort of steps around is one of the phasing down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum:  the the magical stone at the at the heart of the operation here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Scarce resource.
Eric Rosenbaum: You'll be interesting to us to find out where we're doing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fascinating, fascinating, and and what is that magical stone called
for?
Eric Rosenbaum:  William? Well, it's Tim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  it is a it's known as a
like the.
Timothy Sackton: I have not heard
Timothy Sackton: more of such things there are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sometimes,
Timothy Sackton: tales that have come to us of
Timothy Sackton: phase stones that are associated with the fay. Wild, crystallized magic they're called. Is that what you're talking about here.
Kate Sackton: Well, we'd heard that your cloak was associated with the Faye Wilde. I think a lot of tales bring fei wild into any sort of magic
Kate Sackton: or wondrous object
Timothy Sackton: he kind of glances over it at Rook
Timothy Sackton: at when you say that.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you hear such a tale
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on the
but it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: about the
Eric Rosenbaum: wait. Sorry I wouldn't.
Mike Sackton: Where did we hear the tail about? The rainbow cloak coming from the Fay wild?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, This is from my My mentor dwarfan's caller
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really going to
Timothy Sackton: a dwarven scholars discussing the Laura of the day wild, and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as you know.
Timothy Sackton: and our cloak interesting
Timothy Sackton: the the history of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm. I did not think that history of the cloak was widely known.
Eric Rosenbaum: It it may or may not, I shall not say more just yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sometimes we lower masters are prone to.
Eric Rosenbaum: I consider myself a bit of a loremaster as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seekers. Demeanor has sort of slightly changed as we start talking about history of things, and he's been shuffling around and pulling out my books. So something through.
Eric Rosenbaum: But Actually, this idea of the
Eric Rosenbaum: the phase.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no, break it down.
Eric Rosenbaum: and that is an intriguing notion. I had wondered myself what the name that we'd heard of the stone might refer to. With respect to phasing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps there is a connection there to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: We know that many sources of magical power and all connections between planes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know
Kate Sackton: or and understanding our our valuable things, and we
Kate Sackton: in encourage these matters of discourse. But there is an army bearing down on us. Perhaps we should talk more about catapults and boiling oil and dropping stones.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's time time enough for that, of course, of course, but but the
Eric Rosenbaum: I I would be interested to know from this unique individual what?
Eric Rosenbaum: Stories of these stones of the fate he he might have and and yours you might exchange. Yes, I would I would be happy to tell you the lure of our people about these tones.
Timothy Sackton: It is said.
Timothy Sackton:  well, there are many tales on starting with truth of these tales, from the rumors that spread, especially among people who have been so scattered for as long as ours, is not always straightforward, and it has taken me many years
Timothy Sackton: to try to corroborate tales and rumors from
Timothy Sackton: story to story. But that's really, I think you are right. seeker, and I would be fascinated to discuss this further with you, because it seems that each
Timothy Sackton: shard of crystal magic has its own resonance
Timothy Sackton: with some other place that is not of this world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think it's fiercely scribbling and cross-referencing residence with a particular place that matches
Eric Rosenbaum: some intuitions i' for for a while, but it is a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a more precise articulation of the concept. And what evidence do you have from your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have. I have no magic myself, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've never been able to test any of these hypotheses. I am sadly reduced to being in this matter, and my duty is, keep me
Timothy Sackton: far more.
Timothy Sackton: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is that
Timothy Sackton: noise from the plane
Timothy Sackton: that much better. Awesome thanks. And your planar cross hook. Exactly so I so I have never. It has been simply a
Timothy Sackton: a hobby of mine, I must say, to try and understand these tales.
Timothy Sackton: as you know, or or maybe you have not heard those stories yet. For many, many years our people wandered.
Timothy Sackton: separated and lost across the world, and traveled
Timothy Sackton: quite widely in that time.
Timothy Sackton: always hiding
Timothy Sackton: and never staying in one place from very long.
Timothy Sackton: because, of course, the ever-present danger
Timothy Sackton: of being hunted kept us from settling.
Eric Rosenbaum: These are the people of the cloak of the rainbow or Orcs generally these are these are us. These are my people, our people.
Timothy Sackton: But many
Timothy Sackton: histories were collected in that time.
Timothy Sackton: and rumors passed
Timothy Sackton: in story, and very little is written. So I've had to
Timothy Sackton: spent years asking
Timothy Sackton: the elders and the villages across
Timothy Sackton: circus. But their grandparents told them and what they're
Timothy Sackton: grandparents, grandparents told us.
Eric Rosenbaum:  but it seems that
Timothy Sackton: it seems that
Timothy Sackton: there are tales of in wild places in the world
Timothy Sackton: far from civilization. finding crystallized college.
Timothy Sackton: The matter that captured the elemental essence
Timothy Sackton: of these extra planner regions that are associated with fire and water and air.
Timothy Sackton: It is said
Timothy Sackton: a tale has come down to us of a hero of our people from
Timothy Sackton: dozens of generations ago, who
Timothy Sackton: supposedly use this
Timothy Sackton: crystallized water essence. create fong and hide his people
Timothy Sackton: for years and years and years and years
Eric Rosenbaum: the essence of water or vice.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I I don't know about ice. I think this was water.
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Timothy Sackton: but the story was that
Timothy Sackton: all sorts of planner energy could be captured and and resonate with these phase stones.
Timothy Sackton: And so I, am fascinated to know what claim.
Timothy Sackton: what energy your Phase stone resonates with
Eric Rosenbaum:  to be honest.
Eric Rosenbaum: we are still getting to know its capabilities.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I have been actively studying it, as we learn how to maneuver the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: But practical concerns have overridden. as they do sometimes
Timothy Sackton: fascinating, fascinating. And at this Maru kind of
Timothy Sackton: puts his her hand on his shoulder and says. we have not much time until dinner, and we must discuss the tactical uses of this ship.
Timothy Sackton: and why these and and what these travelers may
Timothy Sackton: offer.
Timothy Sackton: So I was fascinated. As this
Timothy Sackton: dwarf seeker is, I'm sure, by your tales, and you by his.
Timothy Sackton: May I ask you to
Timothy Sackton: put such talk aside for the moment.
Timothy Sackton: for I would like to know.
Timothy Sackton: This ship is large.
Timothy Sackton: larger than the palace
Eric Rosenbaum: weed, and yet
Timothy Sackton: crude
Timothy Sackton: little in the way of armaments or defenses. How would you
Timothy Sackton: know little about what it can do, or how you imagine such a thing might be an aid in battle.
Eric Rosenbaum: as I mentioned, we have inherited this ship. it's it's creators and previous owners were
Eric Rosenbaum: giants.
Eric Rosenbaum: and it was destroyed. It was
Eric Rosenbaum: smashed, crashed into the landscape. We raised it. But
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not the elegant, shapely beauty that perhaps it once was.
Timothy Sackton: I see
Eric Rosenbaum: we. We plan to restore it, of course, but that will take years, probably.
Timothy Sackton: so
Kate Sackton: we can drop things up of it.
UU Church of Boulder: We can take people from one place to another. We can go 10 or 20 miles per hour at the maximum.
Timothy Sackton: What is
Timothy Sackton: that? Is? Certainly not nothing.
Eric Rosenbaum: And indeed, if you can fly.
Timothy Sackton: how many hours can you fly at a time? Does it just keep going? Once you point it in a direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, it requires the active control of someone attuned to it and skilled in its motoring, we found that by switching off
Eric Rosenbaum: we can travel
Eric Rosenbaum: what we could end up with 20 h ago.
Timothy Sackton: 22 h a day. Pretty much
Eric Rosenbaum: so. You can go hundreds of miles in one day without tiring
Timothy Sackton: those you carry
Timothy Sackton: without requiring large numbers of
Timothy Sackton: beasts of burden to carry.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: that is indeed
Timothy Sackton: quite valuable.
Kate Sackton: Would you seek to close the gap between your attackers and your forces
Kate Sackton: at some site other than your
Kate Sackton: fortress, or think tactically and
Eric Rosenbaum: we can, what you conclude quite high up into the atmosphere.
Eric Rosenbaum: we can drop things from the ship
Eric Rosenbaum: we haven't attempted and tempted any kind of ramming maneuver, but maybe that's possible.
Timothy Sackton: My.
Kate Sackton: I think we should avoid
Kate Sackton: bringing into proximity that I am in a pinch.
Kate Sackton: I must
Timothy Sackton: speak with Chief Blue Bosh before I
Timothy Sackton: revealed too many of our secrets.
Timothy Sackton: I am concerned for the worst case.
Timothy Sackton: do not know how much.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know whether you can turn the tide of battle to the west, which must surely be coming soon.
Timothy Sackton: but there are
Timothy Sackton: view warriors left in our kingdom who are not already prepared to defend us against the incursion.
Timothy Sackton: but should they fail.
Timothy Sackton: there may be need of
Timothy Sackton: ways to delay the army
Timothy Sackton: ways to evacuate.
Timothy Sackton: and perhaps there are ways that.
Timothy Sackton: dropping a few boulders from a great height may
Timothy Sackton: keep them from failing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now what really deters?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, are they
Eric Rosenbaum: sorry I'm missing some context. The army that's marching from the West is New York Army.
Timothy Sackton: It's crushes army. It's parks, it on dads.
Eric Rosenbaum: What really deters those creatures
Eric Rosenbaum: in your experience? If we had higher or ice or water, and
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not just that we could create enough of that, to matter what.
Eric Rosenbaum: or some illusion.
Timothy Sackton: I have little concern for the Orcs. It is the undead, I fear.
Timothy Sackton: what deters them.
Timothy Sackton: You would know better than I am afraid.
Timothy Sackton: Fire!
Mike Sackton: We haven't really bought much on debt, have we?
Eric Rosenbaum: Not, since Raven's home.
Eric Rosenbaum: run that there right
Timothy Sackton: he knows or no. Those are demons
Timothy Sackton: and really have a you guys my name. And then
Eric Rosenbaum: there were a number of skeleton guys that came out of the moon. Oh, the the nulls! They're oh, there were! There were a few hop goblin skeletons
Eric Rosenbaum: that were sort of re-animated by the demonic energy right
Mike Sackton: undead. Woe
Mike Sackton: if it was me! I would fear
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: reanimated dead
Mike Sackton: even more than the undead who are marching now.
Eric Rosenbaum: You? Why is that?
Mike Sackton: Because every soldier you kill turns back into an
Mike Sackton: Grosswell will raise an army. Crash could be defeated on the battlefield.
Eric Rosenbaum: and he'll just raise a new army of the the defeated Orcs, including the ones who died for the next day, the most important role would be
Eric Rosenbaum: for a strike deep in the heart of the forces onto their head. It
Mike Sackton: and I have heard nothing.
Mike Sackton: Seems
Mike Sackton: as though that does not worry you, but I can't tell if that's because no one believes it, or you have a way of stopping it.
Timothy Sackton: Our scouts have had a difficult time discerning what fraction of Grash's army is Orcs. and what fraction is on dead.
Timothy Sackton: The Orcs do not scare me, even reanimated undead Orcs, unless he can somehow turn them into
Timothy Sackton: something else.
Timothy Sackton: Do you mean the Orcs do not die?
Timothy Sackton: Or do you mean the slaughtered Orcs rise as something
Timothy Sackton: other than Orcs.
Kate Sackton: The slaughtered Orcs rises, works again
Kate Sackton: repeatedly.
Kate Sackton: Right? What did we see actually happen?
Mike Sackton: Were they Orx or Zombie works?
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably some kind of zombie, or
Timothy Sackton: they they were zombies when I mean, they were definitely as obvious when they.
Timothy Sackton: It wasn't that they did that. They like.
Timothy Sackton: you know, because it was like 6 h later, or something like that, that they rose. They, like crawled out of the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, supposing we could support this battle effort by flying over
Eric Rosenbaum: the full force
Eric Rosenbaum: to find garage individually and somehow
Eric Rosenbaum: stop him from reanimating his army.
Timothy Sackton: He is at the center of an army of 3,000 troops, maybe more.
Eric Rosenbaum: and we can fly right over it.
Timothy Sackton: And then what?
Eric Rosenbaum: What? So this this cloak? I haven't been down
Eric Rosenbaum: just to see it in person. But this, this cloak has an area of effect.
Eric Rosenbaum: disgrace it
Timothy Sackton: for Lubash to speak of, and not me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does. Do we think that garage might be affected by the presence of the cloak in a way that would harm him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is he receiving power from some god as well?
Mike Sackton: You don't know
Timothy Sackton: what Kenzo saw was that he stole power from the land of the dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, but that's probably not blocked by
Mike Sackton: well, I don't know. We don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Isn't there a God involved in that, though?
Timothy Sackton: Now
Timothy Sackton: again, Kenzo, on Kenzo's spirit journey, his understanding of all I'll chime in since Kong. You probably can only listen, thought the the the like understanding of planner cosmology is that the land of the dead is like the veil.
Timothy Sackton: The gods are beyond the land of the dead, and everything from the land of the dead closer to Talgar is
Timothy Sackton: not divine.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see the that is the transition point. It's where it's where you
Timothy Sackton: cross over into the land of the gods, but it is not itself to find, so Grush's power may not be affected by the clothes. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: probably not
Kate Sackton: just to to definite the cloak
Mike Sackton: to answer the question. What we saw was Orcs we had defeated in battle rise up again 6 h later as zombies
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Timothy Sackton: How kind of time! Out slightly at that
Mike Sackton: that can be done we do not know, but your own troops will rise against you
Mike Sackton: every Orc who falls in battle will fight against you
Mike Sackton: a second time, whether it's gosh or chained.
Mike Sackton: unless you have some way of stopping this that you have not shared.
Timothy Sackton: It matters quite a great deal
Timothy Sackton: whether these risen creatures
Timothy Sackton: are still tied to Thark.
Timothy Sackton: and she says that with a grit in her teeth and
Timothy Sackton: or not
Timothy Sackton: for the impression we had from what you told us before.
Timothy Sackton: was Orcs, rising as it works again? That does not scare me. but if they are severed and rises mindless zombies.
Timothy Sackton: That is a different and much more terrifying matter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, how would we know
Kate Sackton: whatever they are? I do not think
Mike Sackton: garage
Mike Sackton: would garage seems to have control of them in some way.
Mike Sackton: I do not think they had free will when they rose again.
Mike Sackton: But why more terrifying
it?
Kate Sackton: No, at Kenza wants us to ask. Well, I think I know, but you know, go ahead and ask to see if she'll tell you.
Timothy Sackton: This matter concerns the cloak.
Timothy Sackton: You may ask Lubash at dinner. Perhaps he will be more forthcoming after your openness and sharing the lore of your ship with us to day
Kate Sackton: a good strategic decision. There secret. That's very
Mike Sackton: wow! I
Mike Sackton: I am Charlotte Lubash.
Mike Sackton: and you are
Mike Sackton: aware that secrets amongst allies will only help garage. But I will wait to. I I can see it is not your place to share them.
Mike Sackton: I I will not press you
Timothy Sackton: for that, and for sharing your secrets as well.
Timothy Sackton: and I hope dinner will be enlightening
Mike Sackton: should probably go make dinner.
Mike Sackton: Well, we're invited to dinner. we're going. I thought they were coming here. No, no, that you're going hosting you for dinner, but somebody's got to stay on the ship, though.
Timothy Sackton: How do we handle this?
Kate Sackton: We kind of didn't want to put all our eggs in one basket. You could have been a rescue force if we had ended up like locked up in the castle or something, but now that some trust has been built, I think all of us can go to dinner.
UU Church of Boulder: So so before dinner the you still have an Orc trapped in the mirror.
UU Church of Boulder: The video.
UU Church of Boulder: Is it worth showing them to these guys? I mean
UU Church of Boulder: trying to figure out who this person is? If they happen to know
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean a Gata was torturing them. Maybe it was a good Orc, just like the seeming. All Orcs know each other.
UU Church of Boulder: Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: it
UU Church of Boulder: I don't know. These are the first and maybe only Orcs who we can have a conversation with about this.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I think that's an interesting idea. I don't remember what we know about that again. Interesting thought! Do we think that will give us an advantage in battle?
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
UU Church of Boulder: No. But if they all die tomorrow, at least we'll know.
Timothy Sackton: So you have, like another, like, half an hour before you're expected to the palace for dinner. After this conversation the loremaster and as Agar and Maru have left.
Kate Sackton: But you have a little bit more plotting time if you would like. Did we ask? Not very much planning time? But should we ask if there are sort of able, bodied, but not battle-worthy works who could be hosted on the ship for the purpose of like rock throwing and stuff
Kate Sackton: like if
Mike Sackton: we don't need it, it feels like we're still kind of going in circles a little bit. As to what our plan might like. Are we just gonna like we could just defer to the works. And just
Mike Sackton: I mean, probably the most useful thing the ship could do in battle is vary people around and provide logistics and
Eric Rosenbaum: and rapid movement and things like that these works know about cadmos and crew.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I do. Yes, and you put the thought in Lub Watch's head last session that Cadmus can just teleport in and try and steal the cloak, and he was like, Oh, shit! Can you
Timothy Sackton: protect me from teleportation you're like, actually, we have no idea how to stop the, and that he was like great useful.
Kate Sackton: That is the thing he was definitely most worried about as soon as you brought it up.
Kate Sackton: I I I do agree that
Kate Sackton: us as an advanced team against the Tardonians is a good
Eric Rosenbaum: what? What kind of trap kind of a trap would be a great idea. I was thinking about.
Mike Sackton: How could we use the fact that we know they're scrying us to set some sort of trap.
Mike Sackton: but I couldn't come up with any ideas.
Kate Sackton: We can't be battling them with the cloak around, because we would all be useless. Well, he could turn the cook off.
Mike Sackton: Lubash could turn the cloak off
Timothy Sackton: right right anyway. Bluebecks can control whether it shuts down
Timothy Sackton: the divine
Mike Sackton: magic or not. Right.
Kate Sackton: Maybe they have like a decoy cloak.
Mike Sackton: But like, does a decoy cloak like, okay.
Mike Sackton: we could either take the approach that says
Mike Sackton: we're going to try to
Mike Sackton: fight off Cadmus. The most useful thing we could do is go kill art. better enemy.
Kate Sackton: great
Mike Sackton: and then try to do that, either by chasing after him or setting a trap and trying to get them to come after us. We don't even know that Cadmos can teleport
right?
Kate Sackton: We yeah, I mean, probably can't.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we don't want the Tardonian.
Kate Sackton: We know that they can teleport Kansas. Have we seen them teleport? Is that a spell? We know they know
Mike Sackton: it's a seventh level spell. I hope they can't teleport. That means that he's leveled up more than we have.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, last time they hasted with invisibility. But I mean, we have its helpward scroll. It's not impossible that they do. I I don't think it's a bad thing necessarily, that
UU Church of Boulder: he's afraid there was also.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, remember that exactly what they did the last time they wanted to take something from you.
Mike Sackton: It was hasted and visible. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: but there's also forms of teleportation, magic that are not as powerful as teleport from anywhere to anywhere, but also don't require as strong magic.
UU Church of Boulder: So, for example, seeker can tell, for, like 500 feet.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, which is certainly enough to get from outside the palace wall to in in sales. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Mike Sackton:  So I mean.
Mike Sackton: right? So one option is we.
Mike Sackton: we basically.
Mike Sackton: Now, the way that would work best, can we bring lubes into our
Mike Sackton: it's your, your, your telepathy. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's 8 P. I think it's 8 people, but you all have to be within 30 feet when the spell is passed.
Timothy Sackton: and after the style is cast it lasts for an hour. Infinite range.
Got it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's my
Timothy Sackton: You're a telepathic bond which I assume you're now now that the Orcs have left you. Now I'm not actually talking.
UU Church of Boulder: If they want the cloak, what if we make it appear as if we have it? I mean, what? What if either they can't, or there's some way to stop them from spying the cloak directly.
UU Church of Boulder: and we get something, and somehow create or glamor it to make it look, you know, cloakish focus enough that they have to come to us first rather than there.
UU Church of Boulder: you know, even if up post they could identify it. See that it's not it that by scrying they just make hundreds of identical looking clubs that all the Orcs wear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, that is a fascinating idea. Do do we have the ability to either
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: teleport the close to the boat for Clone, the dick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We just need to show them by a scrying where
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pope is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then get them to the shop at.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I get. If I got a look at it, I could create one that would last for an hour, only
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fuck in perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I think, is that true? Yeah, yeah.
that fuck it off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do that and show them where it is.
Mike Sackton: But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or I mean they're not trying us constantly right like they. They can only be casting scry like once a day, probably. But let's let's do it as much as we can, because they they right. They can't see the cloak unless we're nit with them. We're we're with bubbles. Yeah, float right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what's created? Let's create a fake cloak and set it up some place where they think
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's being protected, and then they show up there and we fuck them up.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: that could right like something like that could like, that's basically the let's we could spend a day talking to Lubesh about how, if we could get lubes into telepathy and get him on board right away, because there's been a whole day wearing him down right? So fake all fake
Mike Sackton: where we're just talking all day about how it's really not safe to leave the cloak, and we think we need to take it right.
Mike Sackton: And then, at the end of the day, he agrees. Fake all fake right, but that way, if they've scried us during the day, they think we're trying to take the cloak, and then the next day we're running out some direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: The thing. No, they don't even know. They believe if we were wearing it. To be honest.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're probably better off like
Mike Sackton: having it hid in somewhere and talking about it being hidden like we.
Eric Rosenbaum: It can't be too obvious, right? But we don't even need to make a fake cloak. Actually, probably you wouldn't even need a fake cloak. Right? You just need to.
Mike Sackton: You just need to be like, be careful. They might be scrying us. Don't say where the cloak is. Right?
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So why don't we show them? That's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: why don't we make the big one
Mike Sackton: we can definitely have when we don't know what part of the subterfuge they're going to tune in on like we can go through a whole. We hide the fake cloak in the certain in the little wooden box, or what we we no, we can't do anything that would end even in the slightest, about where the septer is right.
Mike Sackton: Everything we do with the cloak can't be like
Mike Sackton: the portable to lock it. Nothing close to that right, as far as normally somebody knows that. Well be is like little lead locket, is actually concealing a portable right that has to stay absolutely secret, right? But
Kate Sackton: we could hide the cloak somewhere of the chef right or wherever. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The ship is a good place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The ship is a good place for an ambush. Yeah, for for us. We're and it's a logical place for us to yeah to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hide it or take it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, they wouldn't believe if we left the ship and ran off into the desert crack on foot. Yeah. Thinking. Have faking. Having the cloak on the ship is the best place to to to to trap them.
Mike Sackton: It's it's kind of high stakes. right? Because
Mike Sackton: if they don't buy it so there's there's 3 things that could be going on right. They could just be joining up with the crash, and then their plan could be just to smash through the defenses and kill all the Orcs.
Kate Sackton: and then take the cloak right.
Mike Sackton: and then, if they don't buy it, they just were not there to help smash the garage right they could buy it, in which case
Mike Sackton: it's a good set up for taking out cadmos, and I think, a very good setup for taking a Cadmus, or they could
Mike Sackton: not by it or not notice it, or somehow it goes wrong, and then they they actually do a strike on the loop by lubosh. They do their secret lubush straight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we're not there. Here's the other question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do we have the ability to teleport the quote or move it somehow, because we could also just bait it with the real cloak. And then last minute, you know, move it out in there somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't be dimensioned, or it, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know that Lubes would go, for, like my senses, Lubes would not go for that.
Timothy Sackton: Probably not. I mentioned doors. Range is only 500 feet. You can definitely drop an object through a dimension door, but it's not a super long range.
Timothy Sackton: It's good for getting, you know, past city walls or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: right? But it's not the the the ship is parked, you know, a few 100 feet up.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah. Then it's you can get up to the ship with dimension door. But
Kate Sackton: do you have our capabilities?
Kate Sackton: I just like to mention that if we are battling undead. My clerical repertoire includes turning all undead within 30 feet. To like.
Kate Sackton: Have to make
Kate Sackton: some sort of.
Kate Sackton: you know, to be concerned about their well-being enough to possibly run away.
Mike Sackton: Can you? Can you destroy them, or just make them flee?
UU Church of Boulder: Well, and as long as you're not in the radius of influence of the cloak.
Kate Sackton: Yes, I yes, I need to be outside of the influence of the Brady. Like I, I need to be ideally. We need to like just sort of kill all the Tredonians early on, so that I can just focus on being with my gods and charging into battle and
Kate Sackton: undetting a bunch of Orcs.
Kate Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: it. The thing I like about the trap is, if it doesn't work, we still
Mike Sackton: we have an I mean, we still have the opportunity to potentially
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we review the trap? Where does the cloak actually end up?
Mike Sackton: That keeps it?
Eric Rosenbaum: And so but they have to pretend not to have it.
Mike Sackton: I don't think they we we assume that they don't have a lot of scrying capability. Oh.
Mike Sackton: because they don't know him right?
Eric Rosenbaum: So we just try to fool their scrying ability.
Mike Sackton: I mean, maybe Bluebeck probably does have to pretend not to have it like a little bit, but like he doesn't have to.
Mike Sackton: It's mostly about scrying right? It's mostly about
Mike Sackton: false flag through scrying.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: And then we go off somewhere else.
Eric Rosenbaum: hoping for writing right?
Mike Sackton: We could just go towards Chemos. Yeah. Well, we'd want to, at some point. If we really want him to believe that we're running away with the cloak. We probably need to veer, but I mean it's it's possible we'd be running back to Dunbar right like that's not
Mike Sackton: crazy. So we'd had West so we could sort of head towards Cadbo, but not on a direct line for him. I didn't even know exactly where he is, but we don't know exactly where he is, either, so
Eric Rosenbaum: we are.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that's one option. The other thing is, we could just we could be a big ferry boat, I mean, there's something to be said, for
Mike Sackton: dropping big slaps of rock.
Kate Sackton: I just think that maybe our effort actually heaving rocks over the side could be spent better so if we could delegate that to some.
Kate Sackton: but one of us still needs to fly them. Boat around right by the ship around.
Kate Sackton: If we were in 2 parties, for example, like a
Kate Sackton: messing. Some people up someplace kind of party, and they best, and some people up from the ship kind of party the people in the ship would be
Kate Sackton: able to do more if there were. Possibly
Kate Sackton: I don't know. Weigh in on this subject. Weigh in on this idea more, the party always and badly because the DM. Is too frustrated. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: no, I'm happy if you split the party. I don't find that frustrating.
Timothy Sackton: As long as I don't have to have 2 separate battle
Timothy Sackton:  you have about 10 min until you have to leave for dinner. So
to
Mike Sackton: the.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think, I think della's idea that we pretend to persuade them to give us. The click
Eric Rosenbaum: is the best thing we've got right now
Eric Rosenbaum: and then we go off right into.
Kate Sackton: but that is for the purpose of luring at most to us.
Eric Rosenbaum: but it also adds a layer of protection, because they'll think that that loopash doesn't happen anymore is the idea. It just helps to reduce the risk that they do a stealth attack
Eric Rosenbaum: directly on the globe.
the
Kate Sackton: because if we just ran off to attack the Tardonians. Some of them they might split their party, and some of them might do a self attack on the cloak while we were attacking them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pull the yeah, how many are in the Chardon in?
Kate Sackton: It's big.
Mike Sackton: There's a lot of that now. It's not great.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Kansas Kent has got a point that we're never on the offense of the trap
Mike Sackton: is appealing.
Kate Sackton: No, we should do it. I just want to make sure that it's
Kate Sackton: I was just clarifying my understanding of what its advantages are over, just chasing them down and whooping them.
Eric Rosenbaum: The the last piece of the trap idea would be to position ourselves in a way that's advantageous.
Eric Rosenbaum: Make it look like we've got the cloak, and they can come to us. And we it begins. But we're not somehow.
Mike Sackton: I mean how we do that we don't have to be far. I mean, we also don't. Wouldn't have to run to Denmark right? We could say.
Mike Sackton: Well, what would we do we have the cloak? We wouldn't necessarily flee to Dunmore. Maybe we're trying to use it.
Mike Sackton: Maybe it's like we're still setting up a defensive. So we're still nearby, right? So like, if
UU Church of Boulder: maybe we steal the cloak and we run. But the ship runs out of gas
UU Church of Boulder: and we have to land it.
UU Church of Boulder: Where of it is, we have to be in a place that's closer to them.
UU Church of Boulder: Then. Then the capital is otherwise. It may still be worth their while to check before coming after us. Can we figure out where they are?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, we could last you so last you scratch them when they were with grashes army.
Kate Sackton: Now wait they were. They were.
Kate Sackton: I missed. Yes. Oh.
Mike Sackton: how far away is Crash's army.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you don't know exactly, because the dazzard all just looks like the desert.
Timothy Sackton: but they can't be that far away, like from the already scout the scouting reports. They're expecting battle in a day or 2,
Eric Rosenbaum: but that's what I met. I didn't mean from scrying I met from the Park scouts. Do we know how far?
Mike Sackton: But like they think it's once they're like one to 2 days away.
Kate Sackton: Yes, yeah.
Mike Sackton: So they're gonna okay. So so we do this trap thing, they lose the first battle. But the trap is successful.
Mike Sackton: which means cat. Most of his crew are dead, so we assume crash doesn't have any high, level, powerful aids, except for can't have another group and level magic uses floating around. He's kind of jumping ahead deal with. We have to still figure out what the trap even is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yeah, like, how do we want to play at once. Yeah, exactly. What is the nature of the trap?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what is our advantage? Once we once they show up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the part of it could be. They don't know that we're all there. It's like they think they're just ambushing one of us, and we all are there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's about expectations. It's like we made. They're thinking that it's one thing, and then we're actually all there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we should have some type of overwhelming offensive capability
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got up.
Kate Sackton: Well, that's the problem is that we are we scrappy? 5 against there like 8.
Kate Sackton: Something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we know that we could defeat them first. No.
Kate Sackton: I'm quite nervous about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have to try. Yeah. But let's be creative. Like, we, we have all kinds of abilities like we can. We can create objects. We can create structures, we can, you know, drop shit bits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like, maybe they show up. And then, yeah, I mean, they're they're they
UU Church of Boulder: if we get them to come to our ship and we goofy trapped our ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That it?
Kate Sackton: Yeah, not, I guess. Pre-buildings and movie traps. Anything that doesn't take a spell slot in the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what what can we build? What are our capabilities.
what probably you got at?
Kate Sackton: What can we get done in one day before they come, and we have getting.
Mike Sackton: We have time to plan the trap, too. They're not going to show up
Mike Sackton: in an hour from now right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but you only have a few minutes before you have to leave for dinner. So what are what are what are our capabilities? What spells can we cast that may be useful in a crap, or things we can do that might be useful in the past. No, no, because they are also spellcasters.
UU Church of Boulder: then we can create stone. We could make false walls inside the throne room that we're hiding behind that we pop up from. I mean, I mean, realistically, probably the most useful thing is setting something up so that
Mike Sackton: why do the 5 of us get a surprise front right like that's what.
Mike Sackton: that's an ambush right? It's classic. But you know there's a reason. Ambush is the classic trap right? It works pretty well there we we can hide the entire ship
Eric Rosenbaum: so it makes it. It's just one of us in the desert.
Mike Sackton: But I mean, something like we had to. Land is not a crazy right? So like we're not on the ship.
Mike Sackton: and they think it's a good location. But really we've said it. I but I think the more important question is,
Mike Sackton: if we're going to try and do this. We've got to sell lubush on it telepathically, and then set up the whole mechanism of spending it. Mean it? They're not just gonna immediately, like we do have to do some like work to set up the trap right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I got to do the acting with Lubash after we've got to do the convincing of Lubash, the acting with Lubash. Yes, the booby trapping of the ship, and then the whole thing happens, and they'll all be here staging a war in like correct a day and a half. So there's that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim. What was that spell that I was looking at that? Could.
Eric Rosenbaum: let me set up a bunch of like movie trap kind of things all at once.
Timothy Sackton:  I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Was it like symbol or something.
Eric Rosenbaum:  It's only a third level spell. There was some fancier spell that could do a bunch of things.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, Guards and wards! That's it! Guards and words. I mean, you've got a bunch of spells that can risen, and especially has a ton of spells that can make things very tough for undead.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, like Hollow completely prevents undead from entering a certain area.
Mike Sackton: Of course Cadmus isn't done, Dad, but I was Gonna say, I mean, none of these guys are on dad. So
Kate Sackton: I have my battle capabilities against Garage's army, and then I have my.
Kate Sackton: I just have to fight the like 10 spellcasters. first
Kate Sackton: guards of a day
Eric Rosenbaum: can fill quarters with fog, magically locked doors. hill stairs with webs.
Eric Rosenbaum: magic mouths, stinking cloud gust of winds question the spell. Magic
Kate Sackton: I mean, if we take the ship into battle, it might not be bad to hollow it, because and we if we could got boarded we couldn't get boarded by the undead part of the army.
Kate Sackton: But that's a little bit more preparation than I'm trying to do. I'm just trying to think about the spellcasters first and the trap and the
Mike Sackton: although, okay, so I think
Mike Sackton: we think there's going to be a battle with garage, probably the day after tomorrow
Kate Sackton:  and so our
Mike Sackton: suggestion to Lubash is going to be that we think that the thing we could do that was useful was draw out these powerful small casters by
Mike Sackton: setting this trap.
Mike Sackton: and then, once we've defeated them.
Mike Sackton: we well tried to go to the aid of the battle.
Mike Sackton: but that getting those Belcasters out from the battle is going to
Mike Sackton: be more helpful than anything else.
Kate Sackton: Bell said.
Mike Sackton: And then we're going to try to stay as part of this trap. We're going to try to stay not super far away from the palace.
Mike Sackton: so I have brush strikes quickly, and God most never comes after us. We will
Mike Sackton: be more prepared to say, you know to
Mike Sackton: will be a rear guard as well. It's a but that can that can take Rubesh in the cloak away to safety if needed.
Mike Sackton: that sound like the plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then to the question.
Timothy Sackton: and I'm late for dinner.
UU Church of Boulder: So we're on our way to dinner. We were talking while we get it telepathic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right? That's we don't know. We don't know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if I mean the likelihood that they're going to send a stealth. Theme is really high. You get the book really high. I think
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we don't know the timing. We don't know if they're going to do it at the same time as the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if, like a boo or garage, what would we do right like? We would probably want to do it at the same time, right? Confusion, chaos. And then in the middle of the chaos on the cell team right? Probably want to do both at the same time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Brisbane is like uniquely suited to like, really help the the actual undead
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: battle part.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not suggesting this per se. But what if we did have, like rizwin help set up the trap to help at the war part.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do we like what?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How can it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it stupid to split us up?
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay.
Mike Sackton: Cadmus and his group are too powerful
Mike Sackton: to turn down any
Mike Sackton: strength and arms before we tempt him in. Right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like.
Kate Sackton: Let's just stay together and try to get rid of the spellcasters, and then stay together and fight the rest of the army. Yep.
Mike Sackton: the other complexity with Cadmus and his groups. Of course, the whole like, are we going to kill. Voa!
Eric Rosenbaum: Feel sort of bad about that. Maybe we can trap her in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: That's something we could consider as part of a trap.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now you're talking just the way the. and almost like this, or did you? Oh, fucking! Yes, Jesus, right to see the mirror, like all up in those Vidges.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So wait. Let's oh, my God! We set up a room where they think the fucking like we do. What we do. Is that what I got at the dust. Yeah, you know, we get them all to go into a fucking room, and they just isn't going in one after one, and they all just get fucking traffic. Just remember, if they break the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: everything comes out, which is also a great trap, which is also a great trap
Mike Sackton: at some level chaos
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: look a back in poison for the segment.
Mike Sackton: Some some good, some bad there, right like
Mike Sackton: I mean, maybe we could somehow get the really powerful hop, Goblin Mage the more outs. But I just don't know how to do that.
UU Church of Boulder: I think we should. We should definitely talk with this Orc, though, over dinner, even if it's just for a minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: wait. Are we bringing the mirror to dinner? Then
Timothy Sackton: your your always goes with her everywhere. It's put in the part of a all right.
Mike Sackton: we just need to be careful that the portable hold that we don't show, God knows, on his sky like the did it? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think we'll like we can go to another room and
UU Church of Boulder: turn off all the lights and take it out in the dark, and that sounds good.
Mike Sackton: It's okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you arrive at the palace.
Timothy Sackton:  you! You pass through the city. You're being led by guards, as you're sort of distracted talking.
Timothy Sackton: you enter in the the there's outside the the palaces all these, you know.
Timothy Sackton: up
Timothy Sackton: brightly colored designs, everything. There's this plaza in front, which is like the big, open central part of the city that you walk through. There's a big statute. It was gash in the middle that's painted in bright colors.
Timothy Sackton: the first, the ground floor of the palaces like gardens and stuff, and you pass through this sort of beautiful area, and are taken up one floor from past the sort of sideroom you were kept in for hours yesterday or this morning, to the same hall that you met the
Timothy Sackton: chief in before, but now it's sat with a
Timothy Sackton: relatively small table for dinner.
Timothy Sackton: you see.
Timothy Sackton: Loremaster Azagar, General Maru and Chief Lubash, who had currently been conversing for some time. While you were.
find your way.
Timothy Sackton: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: there are also, you know, a few other like sort of advisors and members of the court.
Timothy Sackton:  But you are seated. You're all seated at like the the head table that has That has the the chief
Timothy Sackton: that lu Bach, General Maru, and as a guar plus the 5 of you.
Timothy Sackton: and as you sit down the chief stands up.
Timothy Sackton:  great to you.
Timothy Sackton: you know it tells you welcome.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you for coming to dinner.
Timothy Sackton: speaking in common. It is a it is a pleasure to welcome you to the court again formally. Now. all of you together, and to be bread and share a meal together.
Timothy Sackton: I appreciate the
Timothy Sackton: forthright in this. You have shown my companions. and I hope we may.
Timothy Sackton: I hope we may plan and discuss productively this evening.
Timothy Sackton: and he looks over at deal with, and he says.
Timothy Sackton: can you
Timothy Sackton: check to make sure we are not observed?
Mike Sackton: Have we rested since we did that?
Timothy Sackton: I don't think so, and I can't. I mean, that was this afternoon
Eric Rosenbaum: whoops.
Eric Rosenbaum: only we had some kind of item.
Timothy Sackton: We will
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait, and we can convince him that you join us with telepathy. Now, can we? Can we say that we don't have that, but we can speak to each other through our minds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You to join the telepathy now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably. Yes. I could cast the telepathy spell, but that would be visible to someone's crying, as presumably
Mike Sackton: true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it doesn't matter.
You.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, they must already suspect that we talk to love the telepath. Yeah, so right, it's in our spot. Stare at each other asylum. If if we want to be
Mike Sackton: particularly careful, we would want to to not know that we included Lubash in the telepathy.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we may not have that option right now. Let's just do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: so I will. I will recast the telephony spell with, okay, I mean, and what? Unless you're going to take a 10 min ritual, you've got to do it using a spell slot.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see I normally do it with a ritual. So I will use a spell slot. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: the other thing I could do is I could scry to see if they're currently scribing.
UU Church of Boulder: I love this idea. It could also give us a sense of where they are.
Mike Sackton: Why not? Right? Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: How's the effort? I mean.
Mike Sackton: who knows if it'll work? I don't know who I'm normally casting on.
Timothy Sackton: Who are you screaming on at this point?
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what you do, Hector, because you have the sense that he is, I'll do Hector bad
Kate Sackton:  But then, if he's not with Cadmus, you don't know if Cadmus is scrapping. But we'll find out
Timothy Sackton: a.
Mike Sackton: you see. Well, okay. So you gotta take out your language. Yeah, yeah, yeah, no. I'll all right when he says I, when he says, Can you check? I'll say
Mike Sackton: While I cannot.
Mike Sackton: I cannot see the fencer. But let me let me let me look at them and see if they are casting any spells, and I'll take out my bowl and start to
Timothy Sackton: back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: that, you see. So he first of all deactivates the cloak. and then looks at you, and you see in your scrying sensor the
Timothy Sackton: a a campfire
Timothy Sackton: it's it's night at this point at the you know, in the desert Hector is sitting just slowly staring off into space as he aimlessly choose some jerky
Timothy Sackton: fried meat of some kind.
Timothy Sackton: you can see across the campfire in the
Timothy Sackton: sort of in the flickering light Cadmos and Cassian are engaged in conversation with the older woman who, you saw joined them.
Timothy Sackton: the the like wizard-looking person in robes carrying a staff.  But I it!
Timothy Sackton: They're murmuring quietly into their breath. Hector can't hear them.
Timothy Sackton:  And they but they seem to be
Timothy Sackton: I can. I?
Mike Sackton: You don't use Hector senses you my senses.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, okay, that's true.
Timothy Sackton: make a make a perception check.
Mike Sackton: That's not going to be good enough.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can't make out. Yeah. Can't make out the words
Timothy Sackton: but they do seem to be crouched around some sort of
Timothy Sackton: like a couple of papers, or a or a parchment or something.
Timothy Sackton: It seems like they're planning. They're
Mike Sackton: no scrying sensors. Nobody has any.
Mike Sackton: Who is it? Cat, most
Mike Sackton: Cassian and the in person. But I don't know the that person. So
Mike Sackton: that have I ever successfully described Cassian?
Timothy Sackton:  yeah, maybe like once you haven't typically tried to describe right? I mean with 17 is a pretty hard save. It's a
Timothy Sackton: spend most of their time together. It seems like they're like. They're sort of a park from the rest of the group, a fair bit over time.
Mike Sackton:  Well, I will turn back in to say to
Mike Sackton: Lubash
Mike Sackton: they are plotting itself. Can other people see I was not clear to me? Can other people see in the
Timothy Sackton: I've always figured other people can sort of see a kind of watery, right vague image, but not clear details, and can't hear anything, so so they would see like
Timothy Sackton: broad strokes like a little bit of the scene.
Mike Sackton: They are plotting, but it seems not watching us. We are safe for them.
Timothy Sackton: Good to hear.
Timothy Sackton: Please sit, let us eat.
but
Timothy Sackton: I know you have had questions
Mike Sackton: that may not have been answered. I guess it's dark, so it's too. There's nothing much to describe.
Mike Sackton: There's no way we could tell how close they were to the like was no cause. It was dark. It's you're just getting the camp fire.
Timothy Sackton: and like a little circle of light around it.
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: Very distinct desert plants that only grow a certain distance from the river.
Mike Sackton:  man.
Mike Sackton: we have
Mike Sackton: some thoughts on
Mike Sackton: how we may be of assistance.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: or discussing them. I wish to ask if you would
Mike Sackton: share some of your
Mike Sackton: knowledge
Mike Sackton: to help us plan
Mike Sackton: and strategize.
Kate Sackton: Student.
Timothy Sackton: what would you like to know
Mike Sackton: your
Mike Sackton: I forget. What's her name? Murdoch, or Maruk Oruk? Your General Maruk seemed
Mike Sackton: uncertain as to
Mike Sackton: what the
Mike Sackton: dangers would be to your
Mike Sackton: troops and your armies from
Mike Sackton: Garcia's ring, and his ability to raise
Mike Sackton: works from the dead.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, we have talked. and I have heard
Timothy Sackton: what you told her.
Timothy Sackton: You must understand the nature of the power I bear.
Timothy Sackton: and the nature of our changed bre brethren.
Timothy Sackton: The chains that fire is.
Timothy Sackton: it's severed suddenly.
Timothy Sackton: without proper care, without a ritual of support and
Timothy Sackton: without
Timothy Sackton: the right attitude in the.
Timothy Sackton: in the severed
Timothy Sackton: chained one. It will drive most of our chained brethren mad.
Timothy Sackton: There is little of them. for as little independent fog in their minds that is not the will of bark.
Timothy Sackton: and without that well.
Timothy Sackton: they are not fearsome in battle.
Timothy Sackton: and when they cross the river
Timothy Sackton: dark voice will fail.
Timothy Sackton: But if this garage creature
Timothy Sackton: can raise them untainted under his control
Timothy Sackton: well, that is a different story, and one that indeed scares me.
Timothy Sackton: They are still driven by the will of Thark. They are of no concern to me.
Timothy Sackton: They will not defeat our armies.
Mike Sackton: The will of Thark, unlike other gods, fades over the river as the river crosses.
Timothy Sackton: That is what my brother spent years and years of his life ensuring.
Timothy Sackton: pacing the borders of this country tirelessly
Timothy Sackton: before he was taken too young, and I took this mantle.
Timothy Sackton: and I have carried on his wishes, pacing
Eric Rosenbaum: what was he lost
Timothy Sackton: Eldon battle.
Timothy Sackton: Hell giants came across the borders. rating or seeking food. While he was
Timothy Sackton: traveling
Timothy Sackton: on one of his pores to
Timothy Sackton: maintain the barriers that keep dark, silent within our borders.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: but this is why I was not concerned, but I am concerned now. for it seems none of us really know whether the undead armies of garage will be able to
Timothy Sackton: maintain their warrior spirit as they cross
Timothy Sackton: into our kingdom.
Timothy Sackton: and if they can.
Timothy Sackton: while the situation is more dire than I understood
you.
Mike Sackton: We we saw him
Mike Sackton: raised to dead Orcs. What we saw as he cut their heads off a few minutes later. them marching out almost like puppets.
Kate Sackton: But whether their connection to Thark exists in that form or not, how would we know until we we would not? But the only hope would be that garage does not have the
you.
Mike Sackton: but perhaps he does not have the ability to direct his will in so many places at once.
Mike Sackton: and if he is not controlling them, and they walk the connection to dark, they will wander aimlessly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who
Mike Sackton: but I would not bet on them, being outside of his control.
Mike Sackton: I I would
Mike Sackton: expect that they are
the
Mike Sackton: a dead brought back to life through his magic.
Mike Sackton: their souls severed. Gone
you
the
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: may pose a grave danger
Mike Sackton: back that expect you'll know quickly, because
Mike Sackton: his army loses their spiding fear as fighting spirit as they cross into the
Mike Sackton: your lands and the undead start cutting down his own troops.
Mike Sackton: That's what I think I would do if I was grashing. Raise them back.
Mike Sackton: but we know little of how his magic works.
Kate Sackton: but the spellcasters who are allied with him.
Kate Sackton: though they we do understand and
Kate Sackton: know how to address that threat.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: what would you propose then.
Mike Sackton:  I fear
Mike Sackton: we fear most
Mike Sackton: an attack on your rear. Godmos!
Mike Sackton: This Mage.
Mike Sackton: who has waked us for
Mike Sackton: some time now.
Mike Sackton: and his Chardonian
Mike Sackton: allies can move swiftly. and may well
Mike Sackton: be aiming to come and take the cloak, especially perhaps.
Mike Sackton: as the first word of
Mike Sackton: that all comes to you.
Mike Sackton: we propose trying to set a trap for them.
Mike Sackton: entice them to attack us instead of you.
Mike Sackton: then defeat them. take one player off the board.
Timothy Sackton: If they were to take the cloak.
Timothy Sackton: Everything that stops
Timothy Sackton: that chained our chained bedroom from crossing and fighting would fade.
Timothy Sackton: and I must assume. whatever this garage can do.
Timothy Sackton: It is not
Timothy Sackton: a simple task for him to slaughter and raise an entire army, for if it were, why would he have not done it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Who?
Mike Sackton: No, I I assume. It is not simple
Kate Sackton: fact that it took 6 h at least for them to come back.
Kate Sackton: Well, we saw 2 things.
Mike Sackton: one we saw. all seeker, saw and described to us
Mike Sackton: garage slaughtering to Orcs and raising them almost immediately.
Mike Sackton: But we also saw Orcs, who we had killed
Mike Sackton: come back to life. It's themed of their own volition hours and hours and hours later.
Kate Sackton: Okay, so I suspect there is both.
Mike Sackton: I directed an indirect path.
Mike Sackton: and it probably takes much. I'm
Mike Sackton: I would suspect that the direct path. perhaps garage, must be standing there.
Mike Sackton: but also the indirect path even, cannot be instantaneous, or who he would have raised a much larger arm. 8 there are.
Mike Sackton: but we know little of. It's true powers.
We don't propose a
Mike Sackton: we propose taking advantage of. Third, no
Mike Sackton: desires of scrying. and
Mike Sackton: I do not believe they know that taking the cloak would cause your defenses to fall.
Mike Sackton: I think they wow! I guess. What do we know. Maybe they do know that
Mike Sackton: our plan or
Timothy Sackton: go ahead.
Mike Sackton: Our plan was to spend to Morrow convincing you
Mike Sackton: thought. pretending to convince you
Mike Sackton: that the only safe thing to do was to give us the cloak.
Mike Sackton: to flee and hide it somewhere where you feared that otherwise they would come and take it.
Mike Sackton: But we would not take the cloak.
Mike Sackton: We would just Lee.
Mike Sackton: perhaps, with an illusionary duplicate of the cloak, if we felt it necessary.
Mike Sackton: and then try to entice them somewhere.
Mike Sackton: ear, but not too near. and set an ambush.
Mike Sackton: I think there's enough bad blood between us that they will weep at the opportunity.
Timothy Sackton: but it is a risk
Mike Sackton: it is
Mike Sackton: they could still come directly to the palace instead
Mike Sackton: them.
Mike Sackton: They are clearly planning something, a sort of gesture to the scry.
Mike Sackton: What exactly. You cannot see.
Mike Sackton: An alternative
Mike Sackton: could be
Mike Sackton: that we fight
Mike Sackton: tomorrow, and you send
Mike Sackton: pretend to send us off in disgrace.
Mike Sackton: and instead we stay hidden in the power somewhere to assist when they come for you
Mike Sackton: way. That's a risk as well.
Mike Sackton: I hear your
Mike Sackton: you have fewer warriors
Mike Sackton: left behind.
Timothy Sackton: Hardly any.
Mike Sackton: Do you have any. Wizards are
Mike Sackton: spell castures of any kind
Mike Sackton: behind the walls with you
Timothy Sackton: a few
Timothy Sackton: not as strong as you, I believe.
Timothy Sackton: and not see from a distance as you can.
Mike Sackton: What do we? We, as far as we know, they are
Mike Sackton: Cadmus, Cassian.
Mike Sackton: Hector. Boa.
Mike Sackton: and what other person? Right? Antonia Antonio. But Antonio is like the thief type, right? She's the one who's snacking.
Mike Sackton: Was that Marcella? That was Marcella. Okay. But Antonio is vault right? But
Mike Sackton: only Cassian and Cadmus are casters right?
Timothy Sackton: you never saw Antonia! And when Antonia healed
Timothy Sackton: Antonia healed somebody. Kenzo, maybe after the like. Krafafa with the charm person.
Mike Sackton: So wait. She might be a divine caster. Then it's unusual to have healing. If you're not a divine caster.
Mike Sackton: she could be a cleric.
Kate Sackton: But isn't there also? There's the Warlock working person or the wizard-looking person. There's a new person right? There's 2 new people or one new person.
Mike Sackton: 3 do people.
Timothy Sackton: the 2, the twins
Mike Sackton: fighters, probably right
Timothy Sackton: and the Wizard some way.
Timothy Sackton: Why do you ask if there are spell cast guys in the palace?
Mike Sackton: Their strength is in their magic? There's at least 3.
Mike Sackton: This group, Cadmos and his associates have at least 3 powerful spellcasters
Mike Sackton: which can be hard to counter without your. That's why I ask
Timothy Sackton: our strongest magic uses are on the front lines.
Mike Sackton: I think they are planning something.
Mike Sackton: do you?
Mike Sackton: How we respond is.
Mike Sackton: you have a suggestion.
Timothy Sackton: He looks over at
Timothy Sackton: Lor, master as Agar and and Maru.
Timothy Sackton: and as the guy kind of the
Timothy Sackton: looks around kind of uncertain.
Timothy Sackton: he says. Hmm!
If only
Timothy Sackton: the Queen of sunset were not lost.
Mike Sackton: Queen and sunset.
Timothy Sackton: maybe another cloak could be made, and this one would not be so precious.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might have
Mike Sackton: the queen of sunsets.
Timothy Sackton: The cloak comes from the Fay wild
Eric Rosenbaum: lady even time. No.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a Fay queen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: we've magic
Timothy Sackton: into threads of
Timothy Sackton: all the colors of the rainbow
Timothy Sackton: gifted
Timothy Sackton: this to our people ages ago.
Eric Rosenbaum:  But she was lost
Timothy Sackton: the no to where.
Timothy Sackton: Some say a Polyon killed her
Timothy Sackton: when she would not help him.
Timothy Sackton: Others say it was a
Timothy Sackton: different evil.
Timothy Sackton: Some even say
Timothy Sackton: it was
Timothy Sackton: the Lord Sumat.
Timothy Sackton: There are many tales. if you know the truth.
Timothy Sackton: but without her magic this cloak can never be replaced. It has made us cautious and slow.
Timothy Sackton: for one cannot take a risk. The one is irreplaceable.
Mike Sackton: Dallas wasn't there, but then we meet. Didn't we like?
Eric Rosenbaum: Was the whole thing with the Queen of
Mike Sackton: Sunsets, where we were trying to free working with her allies.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it was not her herself. It was one of her Cortisones, I know, but they were like talking about how she wasn't
Mike Sackton: wasn't
Eric Rosenbaum: The character I played. His whole thing was like he was trying to free the queen of something like that's his new quest right?
Mike Sackton: He offended her somehow, long ago, right?
Timothy Sackton: And now he was that he disappeared, and he couldn't remember what he did, but he couldn't
Timothy Sackton: beg forgiveness until she reappeared reappeared.
Eric Rosenbaum: A Gato was also connected to her somehow
Eric Rosenbaum: and seeker also possesses strangely a single thread.
Eric Rosenbaum: and they have been created by her
Eric Rosenbaum: that reveals the sunset
Eric Rosenbaum: speaker. Bring. That is true.
Eric Rosenbaum: and says
Eric Rosenbaum: we've traveled in the fame in the.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I was gifting this.
Eric Rosenbaum: A single thread.
perhaps.
Eric Rosenbaum: comes into the same story
Timothy Sackton: as you hold it up. It begins to turn radish gold and then blue and green all along the thread, as if it's reflecting the rainbow
Eric Rosenbaum: like it's interacting with the cloak
Timothy Sackton: like it's like it's sort of reflecting the light of the cloak in a way that isn't
Timothy Sackton: obvious to like the there's. It's like it's like sort of
Timothy Sackton:  it's almost as if there's some like UV light, or something coming off the cloak that is lighting up this thread
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker started to experiment a little bit with it. stretching it, twisting it listening. Such a beautiful. this queen of Sunset!
Eric Rosenbaum: But she was when they restored
Timothy Sackton: indeed, for Lubash, speaking now
Timothy Sackton: are.
Timothy Sackton: it has been painfully slow to free our people. the only these threads, and he pulls the cloak around him.
Timothy Sackton: and the memories of our time in the desert when and wandering in the wilderness when this cloak has lost has
Timothy Sackton: wow!
Timothy Sackton: I am reluctant to
Timothy Sackton: use something such as this as bait.
Timothy Sackton: I am certainly now reluctant to send you away after everything you spoke of.
Mike Sackton:  I do not think
Mike Sackton: you have a choice about using this as date.
Mike Sackton: You're already being hunted for it.
Mike Sackton: It's too late to keep its existence hidden, or to keep anybody from hunting it.
Mike Sackton: The question is, do you?
Mike Sackton: I think the real question is, do you
Mike Sackton: attempt
Mike Sackton: trickery and misdirection.
Mike Sackton: and hope the enemies seek it where it is not.
Mike Sackton: or do you not? Do you gather your forces and make a defense
Mike Sackton: where it is?
Mike Sackton: They will come after you. Question is, will they come after you here
Mike Sackton: or somewhere else? Or will they come after you? Not at all, because they've bought the story that
Mike Sackton: we've taken the cloak.
Mike Sackton: I don't know which is. There's no safety here
Mike Sackton: unless you have some impenetrable place to freak Fleet to.
Mike Sackton: If you prefer it. We will
Mike Sackton: stay here as guards, for sure, although
Mike Sackton: I would suggest
Mike Sackton: any misdirection that can be done. Be done.
Mike Sackton: Cadmus doesn't believe that we are here. Perhaps it weekends is
Mike Sackton: Any trap we can set is preferable to none.
Timothy Sackton: The stories you have told of these
Timothy Sackton: Tardonian hunters have unnerved me.
Timothy Sackton: and I will take your advice.
Mike Sackton: Why the Tim to tell us which way to go, whether you suggest
Timothy Sackton: a trap here or a trap elsewhere.
Timothy Sackton: or perhaps, should you?
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps it is time to consider flight.
Timothy Sackton: We do have
Timothy Sackton: the mountains to the east of here.
Timothy Sackton: On the other side of the
Timothy Sackton: at.
Timothy Sackton: on the other side of the
Timothy Sackton: series of jagged, broken hills, as the river rushes through waterfalls and gorgeous.
Timothy Sackton: There are caves there. twisting passages that we have
Timothy Sackton: fortified over generations.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who
Mike Sackton: but would that not
Mike Sackton: abandoned?
Mike Sackton: Sorry! I I fear that delay is the inevitable.
Timothy Sackton: and it would.
Timothy Sackton: It would mean abandoning our land to be overrun
Timothy Sackton: from once I leave
Timothy Sackton: once the cloak leaves.
Mike Sackton: I think it is not wisdom to abandon your advantage immediately.
Mike Sackton: If Garage preferred an army of Undead, he would have just killed all the Orcs itself.
Mike Sackton: It must take something out of him.
Mike Sackton: There's value in defeating them.
Timothy Sackton: Well.
Mike Sackton: I would only for a time.
Timothy Sackton: then. that you and your skyship remain close.
Timothy Sackton: Should flight be necessary at the end.
Kate Sackton: we would definitely seek to provide that aid.
Kate Sackton: Which of your subterfugees
Timothy Sackton: is most likely to work I do not know, although
Timothy Sackton: if you.
Timothy Sackton: if you
Timothy Sackton: pretended to flee in disgrace.
Timothy Sackton: perhaps these enemies would believe that I had taken the skieship from you.
Timothy Sackton: and so it could remain.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: Or perhaps it is better for you to travel west.
Timothy Sackton: but not so far as to be
Timothy Sackton: beyond a return. Should his armies break through.
Timothy Sackton: He looks around the cable like anybody else want to chime in. Maru looks over and says.
Timothy Sackton: unless we unless we recall some forces, there is little we can do to protect you
Timothy Sackton: in this palace without
Timothy Sackton: these travelers.
Timothy Sackton: We did not anticipate our plan for
Timothy Sackton: this aim of. We thought we had driven the Tardonians out.
Timothy Sackton: We thought they were fleeing in disgrace.
Timothy Sackton: so.
Timothy Sackton: unless it would
Timothy Sackton: tip the hand of some such a fuse, I would feel far more comfortable
Timothy Sackton: if you were defended
Timothy Sackton: by recalling some of our
Timothy Sackton: more capable fighters from the front.
Timothy Sackton: if you are to leaves the palace gesture to all of you.
Mike Sackton: how long would it take for them to retreat? Return
Timothy Sackton: a day?
Timothy Sackton: We probably somewhat well.
Timothy Sackton: possibly as quickly as
Timothy Sackton: a full day. 24 h they could go by river, come downstream.
Timothy Sackton: but it is not a short journey.
Mike Sackton: It will take
Mike Sackton: some time, I think. I mean how quickly
Mike Sackton: cat most still with the army
Mike Sackton: there. How far away? How far away is the front? Just in my, it's like 100, something miles right?
Timothy Sackton: yeah. The front is. The front is like a hundred 10 miles away, roughly.
Mike Sackton: So Cadmus can't cross that faster than the day
Mike Sackton: West. They have some teleport scroll.
Mike Sackton: some.
Kate Sackton: if I use my magic to try to thwart any sort of rapid magical arrival from from them.
Kate Sackton: so that we know that
Kate Sackton: the King's protectors could arrive before the magic wielders
Kate Sackton: or so that we favor the King's protectors arriving before the magic wielders.
Kate Sackton: That would be a strategy.
Mike Sackton: Oh, for that's a good spell.
Mike Sackton: When we said we could stop teleport. We forgot that
Eric Rosenbaum: raised with it have actually risen and can stop teleport. I just didn't. I've never prepared that spell, so
Kate Sackton: so I need a long rest.
Kate Sackton: Ask me, tomorrow.
Mike Sackton: or 40,000 square feet of floor space to a height of 30 feet above the floor.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, that's like a 200 by 200 foot square. That's basically the entire palace.
Mike Sackton: I man. If only had 30 days you could cast it every day for 30 days.
Mike Sackton:  you know what you're doing for the next 30 days after this is over.
Mike Sackton: Skyscrap? Yeah, seriously.
Kate Sackton: you can it every day for 30 days. It's permanent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: so it is. Just for a six-level spell slide every day. It's a ritual. You don't have to burn the stalls lot. Yeah. Oh, okay, you just have to prepare the spell.
Mike Sackton: and it takes an hour as a ritual, because it's it's a 10 min casting time without it being
Mike Sackton: so. Times 10. It's 100 min. But
Timothy Sackton: what's unclear it? It's unclear whether.
Timothy Sackton: that your
Timothy Sackton: ship is floor space.
Eric Rosenbaum: Most of these, most of it, like Hollow, has the same issue like, Can you hollow a skieship?
Mike Sackton: Course you can. That's totally ridiculous. Is that that you can't?
Kate Sackton: It's made of stone. It's a it's a castle.
Mike Sackton: It absolutely has forced it has a floor. I stand on the floor in our skieship.
Kate Sackton: Any case.
Mike Sackton: that's actually yeah. We should totally.
Mike Sackton: that would be really useful
Mike Sackton: man, you could make it. So that undead take 5 to 10 damage every single current time there's no, save
Kate Sackton: that's pretty powerful
Mike Sackton:  and every
Mike Sackton: that. Actually.
Mike Sackton: we could certainly prevent them from
Mike Sackton: coming in.
Kate Sackton: I mean, it doesn't stop the spillcasters from physically walking in or having a battle. But that's why we're going to them or tricking them to come to us or blah blah! Blah! That's why we're addressing this Belcasters.
Kate Sackton: But in case any of the like, what did we decide? There were 8 of them here.
Kate Sackton: 1427 blocked dimension door 2. It probably does.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Teleportation. Yep.
Timothy Sackton: but it wouldn't block something like password or
Mike Sackton: something that creates an opening in right.
Timothy Sackton: like stone shape or something anything that physically it went block transportation spells. But conjuration teleportation, a hundred percent block.
Timothy Sackton: You can't even misty step within the range of forbearance
Mike Sackton: that's really useful.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: in any case. what do you want to propose
Timothy Sackton: to summarize her Kong. So you we have been discussing with Lubash the
Timothy Sackton:  plan first of all the backstory. Oh, you weren't on that inventor! So
Timothy Sackton: the Cloud Spinner and the fay wild
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is the one who created the cloak
Timothy Sackton:  and she is gone so they can't get any more of the material.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I have one thread, so I could make a very, very, very small picture.
Timothy Sackton: Right?
Timothy Sackton: The 2 proposals that Dow with pitched were was the deception where you lure where you pretend the cloak is in the is with you, and you leave
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, or the deception where you pretend to have a fight with
Timothy Sackton: new Bosch, and like get thrown out in disgrace, and then stay hiding in the palace
Timothy Sackton: and jump them when they come to steal it
Timothy Sackton: so far has been like you tell me what to do but
Timothy Sackton: morocc it, Morocc. The general is very reluctant to leave Lubash completely undefended. So if you guys are gonna
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a good idea. I'll go
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: auger. The fucking
Timothy Sackton: is only
Timothy Sackton: the next
Timothy Sackton: augury has a limited time window.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
Timothy Sackton: it's it has to be something that is, gonna you know, that takes place in the next half an hour or so.
Timothy Sackton: It's like, should I open this door? Not should I? What you need for what you're talking about is divination.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which Rosalind has.
Mike Sackton: Yes, does. There is an activation
Kate Sackton: I have. I can't remember if I have it right now. You look, I'm looking.
Timothy Sackton: You do not have it right now.
Kate Sackton: Nope.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I kind of like the pretend we get in a fight because Catmos is grouped. They're a little bit like trashy themselves. They like they're always that didn't fight them.
Eric Rosenbaum: They believe that is what I was saying. They would it their own psychology. And
Eric Rosenbaum: they like, Oh, yeah. and kind of
Kate Sackton: I mean, they also know we care about magical objects, and
Kate Sackton: I mean my.
Kate Sackton: they believe we'd take it too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the only question there is. do we actually keep the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the. The thing about the airstrip thing is you actually separate where the attack is going to be from the cloak, like with the yeah and the the attack. So like would would the king be willing to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let us hide the cloak and or put it some place far from where that palace is.
I I think he was nervous about.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there's risks either way, right? Yeah, that the the decoy risk is that?
Mike Sackton: Yeah? You're separating with the attack from where the cloak is. But if they don't fall for the decoy. then you're also separating us from where the attack is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's the biggest danger, I think right? That's the concern is that he'd rather.
Mike Sackton: I think, they feel more comfortable just putting forth their best defense with the idea that maybe they'll we
Mike Sackton: if they have to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we can still traffic balance right like like the the the mirror trap, the fucking agile. We could. Yeah, exactly right. Like the idea would be we we.
Mike Sackton: we set up whatever traps we can. And actually, the more I think about it. The nice thing about the palace is one
Mike Sackton: it's going to be easier to trap.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I think because we have all these works who know it right and to
Mike Sackton: we might be able to have a few. I mean, it would be useful to have a few strong arms on our side.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, there are guards, right? I mean, they're not like.
Mike Sackton: you know, Fifth Level fighters. They're just like Cr 2 Orcs. There's definitely, you know. Yeah, a dozen guards, or something like that right? Who could die violently walking Hector from killing us when we take out Cadmus, and then it'll be easier they get right
Mike Sackton: but also we might be able to get a few decent fighters to come in. We could really use a front line right? We could use like
Mike Sackton: to be the Seventh Level Works who could like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: clog up the front right? Oh, my God, more trap!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The latter is your front line. Come on! That's what I'm say. Can't can we have Eric seeker like? Make an enemy a bunch of fucking like giant things like
Timothy Sackton: we only have one thing animated at the time.
Eric Rosenbaum: There is a spell that lets me do it. I can animate 2, but
Kate Sackton: I usually let Seeker have all that fun. But
Eric Rosenbaum: will I do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have a bunch of those.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the mirror! How much animated fucking dudes! And then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a bunch of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like one round is a big fucking deal. You know what I mean, like one round is, yeah, getting a surprise round. I mean, if we get a surprise round.
Mike Sackton: there is definitely
Mike Sackton: Kenzo and Dallas could both inflict a lot of damage like, well, before the damage. Yeah, we're more that we can all inflict. So it's like getting like fucking 30 Orcs that can like eat up like a round or 2, you know, right? But the main thing is to inflict all the damage and cadmos.
Mike Sackton: all of it on Cadmos until he's dead.
Mike Sackton: Know everybody fighting their own person. We all kill Cat most until he's dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what about Cassian with the fireballs?
Mike Sackton: We just sucked. We'll take the fireballs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What?
Eric Rosenbaum: We can take a fireball in this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've got to run a fire resistance
Timothy Sackton: like we could. Totally. A fireball doesn't scare me that much. We have enough here. Fireball doesn't scare you at all. If you make the save, you take no damage. Yeah. Well, some of us take damage. It scares you down with is the down with, and
Timothy Sackton: Rizwin has resistance to fire.
Timothy Sackton: Well, being, and Kenzo have evasion. It's seeker in Dow with who might get. But I have 80 hit point 79. Hit points right like a fireball is not going to do more than half your it half my health, even if I fail right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do they? Do they have any spellcasters, clerks
Mike Sackton: now?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: None. They don't have any good spellcasters. They works. Now, what about? What about? What about healing?
Timothy Sackton: They? They don't have any.
Mike Sackton: They have no gods
Eric Rosenbaum: for healers, any any healers that are not clerics.
Timothy Sackton: you haven't, I mean?
Timothy Sackton:  so yes. So I mean, this is your at dinner. So you're discussing this strategy.
Timothy Sackton:  they. So they have.
Timothy Sackton: There are spellcasters, they have Druids.
Timothy Sackton: and they have bards and sorcerers.
Eric Rosenbaum: but, like everybody who's good, pretty much is on the front line right? That was the that was what Marook was saying, is like, if you guys are going to leave, we got to call back some of our like
Timothy Sackton: right, you know.
Kate Sackton: guards and Druids, and so forth. But are some of our that there's, you know. So you like low up, like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: level, you know, third level Druids who might be able to drop a healing word or something. But the Orcs. the Orcs, like your impression from this conversation is, the Orcs
Timothy Sackton: knew this army was coming.
Timothy Sackton: were worried about it because so the the other thing, Kong, I forget. If you were here for this and that was that so as long as as long as
Timothy Sackton: Lubash has the cloak.
Timothy Sackton: the like. The like. Change Orcs, the like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: controlled by dark Orcs, basically cannot invade the kingdom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And there the art, though
Timothy Sackton: Lubash and Morocc originally thought you were saying. The Orcs can't die
Timothy Sackton: as they are like. Who cares they are Orcs? They can't cross the river.
Timothy Sackton: the Zavi! Or now they're worried that it's not that the Orcs can't die is that they're being. Their souls are still going off to Thark, but their bodies are being reanimated. And so
Timothy Sackton: that's kind of scary. But they still they knew they were on dead in the armies, and they still put
Timothy Sackton: their entire force. They figured, well.
Timothy Sackton: we'll kill the on, dad
Mike Sackton: right.
Timothy Sackton: The Orcs can't cross, and we'll make we'll make our stand at the river.
Timothy Sackton: and the the cloak will be safe
Timothy Sackton: that they did not plan for
Timothy Sackton: Cadmos and his strike. They they! They thought they had driven the Tardonians off
Eric Rosenbaum: because there was this other group of Tardonians who had tried to infiltrate, and they killed one of them, and the rest fled.
Timothy Sackton: So now they've revised with the information you brought. They've revised their thinking. And now they're worried
Timothy Sackton: primarily because of the way you've been talking about him, about Cadmus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, cool.
Timothy Sackton: But again, they would have to, because this is all new information they've just got today. They would have. They like, they just aren't really going to have time to rebalance their forces
Timothy Sackton: without your help.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: here's our place. We can hide some forces
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, because if if it's the version where we leave. then there's a place that we all need to hide. And then there's a a place where all of the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: additional beefy, beefy people that we're going to bring on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or some healers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm! What if all of their people are there for, like some kind of a fucking council, or like a dinner, or some like that, so it's like they've got an excuse for why, there's like a bunch of people there.
Timothy Sackton: But again, most you gotta remember, most of the Orcs in the city are. I mean Maruke presumably has some fighter levels right?
Timothy Sackton: But most of the Orcs and the city left in the city are like administrators, civilians.
Timothy Sackton: and like a dozen palace guards, and a few like, you know, city watch, but all pretty low level.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we get some of them call back a day and a half from the front. So that's what Marook was suggesting is like. Maybe we better call back some of the Orcs. The timing is it's 110 miles like
Timothy Sackton: they got to get a message there and then.
Timothy Sackton: you know. get come back like. you know, it's a a day. It's 24 h. If you can go down the river. take advantage of the current.
Timothy Sackton: But then you got a message. Got a message there, so like Best case you're talking like tomorrow night you could get people back from the fine. And that's like, if you could.
Kate Sackton: right? Which is, can we do ascending? I was just gonna say I could sending the guy at the fort who we met. You could. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: right? If they have some sort of password system in place or something. They believe my
Eric Rosenbaum: links back. Can I use it?
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton:  yes. Your link should be back.
Timothy Sackton: Where is the timing
Timothy Sackton: and a timing on the links?
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: your links
Timothy Sackton: just as you're thinking of of your links.
Timothy Sackton: You see.
Timothy Sackton: pacing up into the palace
Timothy Sackton: a ghostly
Timothy Sackton:  spirit!
Timothy Sackton: there you don't! yes, it, you see.
UU Church of Boulder: You can set well. No, you can't. What would happen to me?
Timothy Sackton: I guess I'll just be waiting. You'll get your links when you leave the the dinner room, the links cannot enter with it. 100 foot radius of
Eric Rosenbaum: do I know? I mean more, because I was going to suggest it as a way of sending a message.
Timothy Sackton: Your, if it based on the timing of it going, I would be expecting it back to Miles a day you'd be expecting it back tonight. Yes.
Mike Sackton: so I mean we could, so I could send a message. I'll offer to
Mike Sackton: Marie Marook. She can write a letter.
Mike Sackton: and I can go a hundred miles in 2 h
Timothy Sackton: right?
Mike Sackton: As long as she doesn't need a response.
Kate Sackton: They're responsible for the people coming back right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where could they hide?
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: so are you like, it sounds like you're sort of committing to the
Mike Sackton: defend them at the palace. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Timothy Sackton: So Lubar says so. Right now you're in.
Timothy Sackton:  you're in the throne room.
Timothy Sackton: which is
Timothy Sackton: first
Timothy Sackton: installed.
Mike Sackton: One met a question where you are we anticipating trying to do the come back to fight with cat most tonight.
Mike Sackton: No, okay, because you still have, like an hour of like making your traps. Yes, tonight, before you, even, yeah. And you have to role play the whole like
Mike Sackton: battle like, no, definitely not going to do that to me. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just gonna say, because I would really like to try and wrap up around midnight if we can.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could be like how bad it would it be if, in order to save the palace, we destroy it.
Kate Sackton: If
Eric Rosenbaum: are you trying to just crush our enemies? Yeah, yeah. We just like Dimension door everybody out up under the ship and then knock it down.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean, it might be a wing they could spare.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.  we build a decoy patterns.
The palace has 2 floors.
Timothy Sackton: There's the garden. It's actually, I mean, there's ramparts above, right, but it's really mostly too far. So it's a garden level.
Timothy Sackton: There's the
Kate Sackton: are you telling us you're trying to show us
Timothy Sackton: well, right now, because there's like doors and stuff. All you can see is like the throne. Rob, I presume.
Eric Rosenbaum: is this green thing up at the top of the throne.
Kate Sackton: I don't. I don't like totally dark in my room. Am I like my dark vision is failed, or something. I I just see a black. Now. Your token was set to being blind.
Timothy Sackton: Well, thank you. I I'm fixing it.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Now. You should be able to see. Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: I took this map from somewhere else. I don't know what this green thing is supposed to be. This is the throne right here. and this is like the table that's been set up for dinner and the pillars and stuff.
Timothy Sackton: But then there's like sleeping like down here. There's like sleeping quarters.  There's
Timothy Sackton: You can sort of explore. Here, let me. can I, to change this? So it's
Mike Sackton: this is a fancy map. There's like all these doors, there's like these doors that you have to open to go through.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I think I think this is set up so that once you explore it, it will.
Timothy Sackton: you'll be able to see it.
Timothy Sackton: But I'm not entirely sure, anyway. So you take a tour of the palace. There's like a bunch of like the the
Timothy Sackton: king's bedroom is
Timothy Sackton:  does it? Is it keeping the areas of the map that you move your tokens over
Eric Rosenbaum: only vision? They're they're dim. They're dim like you can see them, but they're very dim.
Timothy Sackton: because I don't want to, just I don't want to disable all of the stuff. Because
Timothy Sackton:  because if this ends up being the battle map, it's
Kate Sackton:  relevant.
Timothy Sackton: It's relevant what you can see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, can we just like better role, play them showing us what we have to. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: they're showing you stuff.
Timothy Sackton:  so
Timothy Sackton:  So there's lots of places you could. You could set a trap.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, this is, there's also a whole garden level below this, which is much more open.
Timothy Sackton:  And then there's the like ramparts of Bob at?
Eric Rosenbaum: Does the trap mirror work through
Eric Rosenbaum: conventional mirror? Did we ever, just just to tell
Eric Rosenbaum: it does not?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, wait! Hold on! I think I can just
Eric Rosenbaum: now. Can you see the whole map? Yes. Oh, cool, cool. Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Him. Did you build this? Or is this like a no, no, I I. This is I. I
Timothy Sackton: subscribe to the Patreon of a few D and D map makers because I take their maps all the time. This is like
Timothy Sackton: one of the Patreon guys I subscribe to you happen to have a
Timothy Sackton: desert palace map.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's all. Oh, perfect.
Timothy Sackton: I was trying really hard not to like, steer you
Timothy Sackton: straight into the palace just because I have a cool map for it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But this is even better. This is way better. This is awesome. Yeah, we can booby track the fuck out of this.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we're not going to be able, like, like, we're to get Cadmus because he's gonna be in the back right like we're not gonna be able to get him to like run into the mirror right? Like he's we're gonna have to just like kill him, someone that's gonna be like a long. He's gonna we need to like long-range attacks that I kill him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: probably, or just
Mike Sackton: fast movement
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or a fast movie there
UU Church of Boulder: the core of grappling like grappling and restraining.
Timothy Sackton: So we can cover like. So one 160 by 250 is exactly 40,000 feet.
Timothy Sackton: So that's the entire map
Mike Sackton: perfect.
Mike Sackton: and that what can we do in that? no, no. Risen is going to cast for for for forbidden, which means you cannot teleport unless you know the pass key.
Timothy Sackton: There might be like a very small area that is still
Timothy Sackton: accessible to teleport like just like this
Timothy Sackton: very end edge of this like right here. It would be the only place that somebody could teleport
Kate Sackton: the end of that one extra
Kate Sackton: long record of the room. Yeah, just right here, where it just sticks out from.
Eric Rosenbaum: If if we were trying to. there'd be about 10 a 10 foot by
Eric Rosenbaum: a ten-foot by thirty-foot area right here? That would not be part of forbearance. Is it forbearance capable like? Could we offer another?
UU Church of Boulder: Do we put an opening? It has to be a contiguous area. But yes, you could pick a different edge.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can't like put a hole in the middle of it, or maybe you can actually feel like they're gonna like, fly up onto the roof and try to enter that way or like.
Kate Sackton: well, it goes up to a height of 30 feet from the floor, right? Like it protects a three-dimensional space.
Timothy Sackton: The root, the ramparts are more than are like more than 30 people.
Timothy Sackton: so conceivably the
Timothy Sackton: ramparts wouldn't be. If you want to protect the garden, the second floor. and
Mike Sackton: how many entrances are there up to the second forest there, only
Mike Sackton: that's a staircase. I mean the police. They have to
Eric Rosenbaum: get in by some conventional means of it and teleport like they. And then they're just going to try to steal the thing and for their way out
Timothy Sackton: the user. This is a this is a staircase. Sorry these are staircases down to the garbage which one's down to the garden. This is this is up to the
Timothy Sackton: thrown to the like upper level of the
Mike Sackton: There's like a gallery around the throne room. Yeah. Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: so that's up to the gallery. The only thing that goes up to the rampart is, I believe, this
Timothy Sackton: staircase here.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the only entrance from are these 2 the only entrance from the gallery from the garden level?
Timothy Sackton: These 2 are the only engines from the garden level. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, these
Timothy Sackton:  this I. But this staircase here goes up
Timothy Sackton: right here. This goes up to the ramparts, too.
Mike Sackton: but we could.
Mike Sackton: Can we shape the square footage like? Could we allow it. Just these stairs and nothing else.
Timothy Sackton: I I there's nothing in the spell that makes it
Timothy Sackton: seem like you can't pick the 40,000 square feet you want to protect
Mike Sackton: right? Like it doesn't say it has to be.
Timothy Sackton:  it doesn't. It doesn't say like. Yeah, I think I mean, I don't know that you could make it
Timothy Sackton: super complicated.
Mike Sackton: right? Right? Right? Right? Right. But if you want to make it like not quite like, I don't think you can make it Swiss cheat
Mike Sackton: right? Right? We could certainly shape it so that you have it. Not a perfect square, right? Right? Right?
Mike Sackton: Okay. But you can cast spells inside the area. You just can't.
Kate Sackton: You cast teleport into the area right? So you can free.
Timothy Sackton: you can flee, you just can't
UU Church of Boulder: enter. And what if the trap, then is is less primarily about keeping them out and more about keeping them in once they've gotten in. So we cast forbearance so they can't get in.
UU Church of Boulder: We offer them, you know. Either we we open that one corner or some corner that they can get in, but we block off their exits like we could block off from the inside with walls of stone, the stairs to the lower levels for the upper levels?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right? And what if what if we? What if we fucking red wedding style have like a bunch of archers, or something like that that just like, you know, rain down fiery hell on them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, we can make permanent walls right like how many Fifth Level spells can you cast seeker but
Timothy Sackton: 2 plus? You could use your six-level slot so you could do 3.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I mean God, it's a little risky, because if they attack that night that I mean, we could do it tonight. Now we do it. Now we're we're just remodeling the palace then. Wow! I mean. So now that you're so so loop Lubash has as dinner wraps up blue Bash and the lower master have remained, and Maru is
Timothy Sackton: touring with 2 of her trusted guards. sort of. you know, trying to help you figure out like, where does
Timothy Sackton: you know station things and like Lubash is basically fine with this, like, whatever you want to do, as long as it's
Timothy Sackton: as long as it can be
Timothy Sackton: fixed once the danger has passed.
Mike Sackton: Does he actually care about it being fixed?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, he doesn't want you to blow up the palace unless it's necessary. But putting up an extra wall of stone as chair. Yeah, because you can always just chisel it out.
Timothy Sackton: You would prefer you add things that can be removed. Then you destroy a bunch of stuff
Timothy Sackton: unless you have to.
Timothy Sackton: and you can't totally block off their ability to.
Mike Sackton: You know, people still need to be able to come and go through the palace right? Right?
Timothy Sackton: So, for example, he wants to make sure that if
Timothy Sackton: they need to flee.
Mike Sackton: they have a way to flee right?
Eric Rosenbaum: We got it. We got to think like our enemies here. How are they going to try to. So you can. Just as a reminder
Timothy Sackton: you did use the mirror trap on them the last time they tried to steal it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, crap!
UU Church of Boulder: Mechanically, it turns out not to have a super high. DC.
Timothy Sackton: Also, it doesn't work on somebody who is invisible
Eric Rosenbaum: because they can't see themselves, but they can't see themselves.
Kate Sackton: That was the problem last time, wasn't it? Yes.
Timothy Sackton: but I wouldn't expect them to be
Timothy Sackton: unaware of the possibility given that you try. You use the exact same. I mean, the whole theory is they're not going to know that we're here
Eric Rosenbaum: right? It's dead right? It means you don't miss his mirror to overwhelm them with that information we should just put. We should just put a plain old mirror like in
Eric Rosenbaum: lots of mirrors, just everywhere, so that they move slowly and cautiously, just being like thinking. Every mirror is like going to be problematic. They'll be. I love that. That's actually a bad idea. It's not how many mirrors in these, or have, do we have a trend? It looks like there's a lot more guards than there are, because they'll see the guards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's classic, and for the dragon guys
Kate Sackton: I love it. It's gonna be like, wait, your spellcasters are afraid of mirrors.
Kate Sackton: He! You wonder what?
Mike Sackton: Wow! You know
Kate Sackton: this
Mike Sackton: does the does the links show up now that we're wandering around?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yes, now that you're wandering around, the link shows up
Timothy Sackton: And drops a letter at your feet.
Timothy Sackton: The letter reads, well, it's addressed to Kensing.
Mike Sackton: so I guess you hand it to Kenzo. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas opens it. What's it? Say?
Timothy Sackton: Well, I'll just read it. I put it in chat, but I can. I'm happy to just read it.
Mike Sackton: You did not sound it in chat, are you? Put it to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I put it to calm. Oh, that's okay, I see. Yeah, it's put it. I can read it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tens of the blessings of the blessings of you. You can put it in the main thing, too, but I'll read it out loud.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, Penzo. The blessings of Lockcab be with you, and may His divine grace, guide my words to you as the season of blessing approaches. May your deeds earn the divine grace of Son, car and mayor judgment, look there for you favorably upon your year.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your news brings little clarity to my troubled thoughts, where it seems the time has come to coming soon when I must take up the ancient role of our order and declare before all the the gods wish to rule over Dunmar. Oh, fuck! And yet I cannot see what course of action. Laka would have me choose
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how the gods must whale and nash at the frailties of us feeble humans that we must, I must trust it to turn their will and be there to buy in a hand on earth. Never, I felt more unworthy of the power trusted to me by lock. -oh!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My dream! My dreams remain filled with the corpses of my people, with rotting bodies of the Denmark across the plains, and numbers of where I wrote about in my last letter. And yeah, now I wonder that I missed the message of the gods of my haste and fear, for when I forced myself to look, to see the nightmare, to stare in the darkness. I see the corpses on the field of battle shaken sway and beginning to rise. Oh, no!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps my dreams have been awarding this creature to the east all along.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and if that is the fear of the gods would war me up where I throw the legitimacy to lock up behind Sura as the fire of a gear so obviously burns of her. Despite my misgivings that the fires of Iguer, do not make one adjust ruler, and yet when I, brown Carnos, I hear nothing. Silence! No, God will speak for him. Shall I? I will not burden you more by troubles, for you must face dangers of your own before I close and deliver my words to this foreign gods that carry them to you we. She has a message for you, Kenzo. In these uncertain times, when all passing fraught trust in yourself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You've grown into great power, not no longer listening, boy we took in half a decade of go! And I could not be more proud of you. May the wisdom of lock a guide, your paths. Yours and fellowship speaker Laura.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, that's terrified.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who?
Timothy Sackton: The links then vanishes into your shield?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow! They don't know who to back in the war.
Eric Rosenbaum: and so trust yourself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Get out ouiji board
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: toward us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  We have so much to sort out. This is a lot
Kate Sackton: it does sound like, maybe she thinks that the threat in the East with the zombies is
Kate Sackton: actually something she's been divinely inspired to worry about
Eric Rosenbaum: was
Mike Sackton: this letter is now what 3 days old.
Timothy Sackton: More than that.
Timothy Sackton: it's
Timothy Sackton: it's now. Today is the evening of December.
Timothy Sackton: So I guess it's yeah. I guess it's 4 days old.
Mike Sackton: Whatever is going to happen in the West is going to happen. I think we
Mike Sackton: can just do our best here, and
Mike Sackton: there's nothing we can do for the Denmark right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, let's focus on the task at him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: although I see the corpses on the field of battle shake and sway and begin to rise. That seems to be like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, garage has. and disabilities to in the East to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do terrible things to the denomari
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: going back West, which again
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: goes to the how can we unify Dunmar, or how can Denmark be unified?
Question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lot of fuck, are you right now?
Mike Sackton: I'll ask
Mike Sackton: more more. What's your name? Sorry I can't rook Maru if she wishes to send a letter to her warriors
that
Timothy Sackton: I do not know.
Timothy Sackton: for if you will stay here, are they not better used on the front lines.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what the part would be most valuable to you in your
Timothy Sackton: fight
Mike Sackton: we are
Mike Sackton: strong and magic, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a few
Mike Sackton: skilled swordsmen would not go amiss.
Mike Sackton: then he could be spared.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wouldn't archers be good, too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hitting long range? Okay. more people for Cassian to cook.
Mike Sackton: we really need somebody to tie down Hector, and like.
UU Church of Boulder: but not somebody some lottery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so can we animate.
Kate Sackton: So when we suggest she like doubled the size of the palace guard, but with more more skilled warriors like another 12, like, what are we asking here? She's asked what we? Yes, we're asking for like
Mike Sackton: to eighth level fighters.
Mike Sackton: or one, if that's all we can get.
Mike Sackton: I think that's more useful than
Mike Sackton: a bunch of Moocs who are just going to get toasted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: we're up against 8. It nice to be so be nice. If we were 6, not 5.
UU Church of Boulder: Last time they tried to steal a thing they didn't send all of them.
Mike Sackton: That is.
Mike Sackton: I I think I mean, that's interesting.
Mike Sackton: I I was thinking that right like I think their first move would probably be somebody invisible. Same idea
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it. There is no way right? There's a combination.
Mike Sackton: And so I mean, the first question is.
Mike Sackton: we're gonna have to. Where do we expect them to go?
Mike Sackton: Where are we setting this up like? Why would they go to the throne necessarily? Is that even where we want them to go.
Mike Sackton: Are they not going to try and assassinate?
Kate Sackton: This is Lubash's bed chamber here. I'm just gonna say that everything up in this bedroom
Mike Sackton: wait. So I do that again. I just wasn't
UU Church of Boulder: when we find out from Lubash of the team that got in. Did they get into the palace, I mean, would they have a sense of the floor plan that they could relay back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, great question! So first of all, Maru.
Timothy Sackton: wrapping up the maroon plot line, he says.
Timothy Sackton: writes a letter asking for  volunteers among
Timothy Sackton:  asking for 2. So, asking Commander Morgas to pick 2 of his best warriors
Timothy Sackton: and send them back as quickly as possible to bolster the King's guard
Timothy Sackton: as they. You know, she writes, she asks, how secure is this method of communication
Mike Sackton: between a good question, but my assumption is that there's no mechanism to intercept it.
Timothy Sackton: It's except unless somebody was waiting, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: until you can't be intercepted until it arrives at his destiny
Mike Sackton: there while it is in transit it. Is it as secure as can be? Of course, once it arrives, it's just a letter
Mike Sackton: this companion of mine will not give it to anybody save who is named.
Mike Sackton: but of course cannot
Mike Sackton: stop a spy from reading over their shoulder, or otherwise.
Timothy Sackton: I will be cautious then. and say.
Timothy Sackton: because the travelers
Timothy Sackton: who he thought would defend the king.
Timothy Sackton: have attempted
Timothy Sackton: to take what has ours and been expelled.
Timothy Sackton: ask him to please send
Timothy Sackton: 2 of his strongest warriors to bolster the King's guard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice
Timothy Sackton: in case the 4 has fallen
Timothy Sackton: in the night, and somehow Gosh's army is there to receive this message.
Timothy Sackton: She writes the letter and hands it to you.
Mike Sackton: I'll hand it to the links and send it off.
Timothy Sackton:  So you then go talk to Lubash and ask him, what did you want to ask him?
Mike Sackton: Did the guys did the Tardonians get any sense of the palace?
Timothy Sackton: He's Lubash and the Lord master are sitting and talking quietly as we return back to the
Timothy Sackton:  back to the
Timothy Sackton: thrown room, and it seems like they're, you know everybody else has left, and it's just the 2 of them at a fire and There's a
Kate Sackton: wind, a border, or whatever like did we do the whole secret when we were sure we weren't being watched. We do the whole seeker expans the telepathy
Kate Sackton: web thing.
Kate Sackton: I kind of feel like we should do that, because time is passing when they could get longer, be pouring over maps they could like. This was just crying like 10 min later. So I thought we should. I mean.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, I I thought you did that. Okay, I just wanted to make sure that we did.
Timothy Sackton: The spell will be. You'll be. I mean, it's only an hour duration. So you're going to have to cast it again if you want to keep it going. and that's taking a Fifth level spouse lot. So that's going to limit the numbers of walls of stone you can make.
Eric Rosenbaum: But you can rit one right.
Timothy Sackton: You can ritual it if they're watching. It's a little obvious, but you could ritual it now to restart it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's just like it's, you know, your cat. This probably couldn't identify a ritual by scry.
Timothy Sackton:  so There's a there's a another person. There's a young
Timothy Sackton: men teen, maybe 13
Timothy Sackton: Who is sitting and listening to the Lord Master tell a story. the family resemblance to Lubash as a parent, probably a nephew or something.
Timothy Sackton: But this this
Timothy Sackton: guy is like a Mohawk of wiry black hair and a silver earring, and it's like vibrant green sort of nervous excitement, energy!
Timothy Sackton: As you, as you approach Lubash stands up and and says out loud, not telepathically, let me introduce my nephew and heir.
Timothy Sackton: chief linguistic
Timothy Sackton: back! And then he says telepathically. Give us a moment, and and we will speak with you.
Timothy Sackton: They say good night and stuff any. The the
Timothy Sackton: whose goal is like looks up at all of you like, since obviously never met an out for a dwarf, or
Timothy Sackton: really, before he's seen humans before.
Timothy Sackton:  so he's like, or a halfling. So he's like fascinated by all of you, and he's just like kind of staring a little bit, and then goes off And then Levash continues telepathically.
Timothy Sackton:  You ask him about the Chardonians, and and he says. unfortunately they were here for
Timothy Sackton: several months.
Timothy Sackton: a woman, Evelina.
Timothy Sackton: and 3 men, Valias and Vargas.
Timothy Sackton: twins, and then Roman. He was the one who is dead now.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: it might headphones. Just that. You guys still hear me? Yeah, okay.
Timothy Sackton: They came.
Timothy Sackton: maybe in July.
Timothy Sackton: late June, many months ago.
Timothy Sackton: For a while we would not let them in. They
Timothy Sackton: pretended to be traders. There were 3 of them that
Timothy Sackton: one of them
Timothy Sackton: came later, disguised as an orc.
Timothy Sackton: That's how we found out. Apparently they slipped up.
Timothy Sackton: and one of my guards. the Roman, shifting
Timothy Sackton: his looks from orchest to human. and the
Timothy Sackton: that the 3 of them Avalina valleys and bargains they showed up.
Timothy Sackton: maybe
Timothy Sackton: 5 months ago.
Timothy Sackton: claim to be for haters. and
Timothy Sackton: Scholars seeking to make contact with us and bring exchange goods and information. Chardon
Timothy Sackton: it took they were not
Timothy Sackton: so forthcoming when did not come in a time of nearly so much trouble.
Timothy Sackton: and at first they didn't even ask for an audience. They just
Timothy Sackton: there
Timothy Sackton: came to the markets and trade in, and we left him in the gate, but not in the palace
Timothy Sackton: spent money freely right
Timothy Sackton: that mayor vices and
Timothy Sackton: solit, and many things that we have little of
Timothy Sackton: made themselves popular.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you say, Isis spaces places.
Timothy Sackton: and after about a month they asked for an audience. We spoke with them briefly.
Timothy Sackton: It's about this time that the one disguised in as an Orc showed up and pretended to be one of the
Timothy Sackton: lost people of the Rainbow, coming, seeking refuge.
Timothy Sackton: and after over the course of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a month they spent many days in the palace.
Timothy Sackton: walking around, hearing our stories, hearing our lore, sharing their own more. even hearing of the cloak. Yes, I mean they saw it. They saw me wear it.
Timothy Sackton: and it wasn't until in the end of August.
Timothy Sackton: maybe September.
Timothy Sackton: about a few months ago.
Timothy Sackton: we saw the Oric shifting into a human.
Timothy Sackton: questioned him.
Timothy Sackton: gave up his friends quite quickly, thought it would save his life.
Timothy Sackton: did not.
Timothy Sackton: but he managed to warn them somehow, maybe with magic.
Timothy Sackton: and they ran before we can head down the other 3.
Timothy Sackton: They must have spent some time sneaking around our borders because they ran east, not west, and you say you saw them join the army to the west
Eric Rosenbaum: straight if they ran east. Perhaps they even
Timothy Sackton: spent some of the few unaccounted for months. Learning of our refuge in that direction.
Timothy Sackton: We tried to hunt them. A few of my people will willingly leave our borders.
Eric Rosenbaum: and where else would they have gone to these? What else is there to be?
Timothy Sackton: Do not know why it is beyond the hells.
Timothy Sackton: It's tough traveling. There's canyons and deep gorges and rocky peaks.
Timothy Sackton: rivers that flow and cascade down from the mountains, caves and sinkles
Timothy Sackton: would have been very slow going. I don't. They traveled particularly far through those hills if they
Timothy Sackton: made their way around our kingdom, for they did not cross the border again that we were aware of, and thus invisibly with magic.
Timothy Sackton: But I'm afraid you cannot assume that our palace layout is unknown to these.
Mike Sackton: That may be to our advantage, though
Mike Sackton: it's much easier to set a trap if we know where they might be.
Mike Sackton: But it's good to know
Eric Rosenbaum: what is the great, the ability of this building to someone attempting to?
Timothy Sackton: What is the wet?
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the greatest vulnerability of this building to someone
Eric Rosenbaum: once again.
Timothy Sackton: Palace is not built for defense. Precisely.
Mike Sackton: Do we have any like good illusion spell? Can we like make an illusionary copy of this guy of Luvesh.
Mike Sackton: We have any good illusion spells.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think so. That's not usually a cleric forte.
Mike Sackton: as learning a secret might have something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. And we should do that kind of stuff.
Mike Sackton: But now, not really, not really people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So should we go back to talking about the trap?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and Shorth also suggested, oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's show the Orc to this guy. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you take out the mirror.
Kate Sackton: Well, Wellbe goes into a dark room or something. Yes, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: and variously.
Timothy Sackton: I mean so the Orc. Oh, this is notes from like years ago. Hold on a second
Just
Timothy Sackton: did I even transfer these to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fuck, we've been playing this for years.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: only shit like, 3 years. Yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, we're almost not quite 3 years with session one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  you know what that's crazy is we're getting close to as long as we played like the original campaign. But yeah, like, at least the high school part. That's that one was 5, 2920, 20. So we are almost exactly 3 years. That's fucked up.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we must have done that one shot. Then
Timothy Sackton: we did. That was like, maybe, yeah, because that was right. After, like, basically, right after Covid.
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The stone tight. And one shot. That's funny.
Timothy Sackton: It's been. Yeah, it's been 3 years. It's been almost. It's let's say, we started in March March 20, s, 1748 in Talgar. And it's now December fifth.
Timothy Sackton: 1748. So we're coming up on it
Timothy Sackton: 9 months in game time. That's pretty good.
Eric Rosenbaum: During that there's sometimes when it goes, it's like 2 months of real time to play one day.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only fairly recently have we actually started accomplishing things only fairly recently years when join us. Coincidence?
Timothy Sackton: No. Rizwin's first session was like session.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, recently, this around for a bunch of the beginning. Then she just left for a while.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you met Rizman on session. 7.
Timothy Sackton: You guys had barely been together because Rizman did the whole ravens hold arc right? And then she laughed, and she was gone for
Eric Rosenbaum: right 20 sessions or 15 sessions something like that. She didn't do any of the agata stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He killed a got that? Well, no, we didn't kill God. Only recently did we kill it. Got it. It's a captive. It's a captive. It's it's trapped in the not defeated, just captured.
Timothy Sackton:  so this the guy does not recognize this as a work.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it's an Orc. He looks pretty badly beat up.
Timothy Sackton:  I mean, I think I put this Orc in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton:  yeah, I mean
Timothy Sackton: not not much
Timothy Sackton: that you can tell just by looking. I mean, she's like wearing just kind of like stripped down
Timothy Sackton: robes and
Mike Sackton: no finish. Sorry I just had a thought, but finish that. That's pretty much it. So like
Mike Sackton: they can talk to each other.
Timothy Sackton: Candle.
Mike Sackton: Don't we know a command word that lets you interrogate people in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: My imagining that.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, you learned right? You learned that in Chardon you learned the
Timothy Sackton: command where that lets you say the number of a cell and some the creature. That's right. You haven't been able to talk to the ark because you didn't. You only knew the one that let me summon them by name.
Timothy Sackton: You didn't know the Orc's name.
Timothy Sackton: and now you are able to summon one by cell number 2,
Eric Rosenbaum: and you just randomly guessed the hobgo one's name, because, yeah, I rolled a 20 on my some check right?
Timothy Sackton:  right? So you've got
Mike Sackton: the hop goblin, the Orc, and and a poison troll currently in there. There's got to be a way to use a poison troll against Cadbo here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pop, even if it's just dropping him on his head
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like it. That's just let's think about the great traps in like a like this is the classic Star Wars like the trap there falls open, and the fucking, the the poison, or you know, and the river and the river, and are like there, and they have to fucking. Fight them, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like seriously.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like as a place to drop the poison work out of our flying airship
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to a battlefield full of undead. I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, something like that, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think the most useful thing we can do is
Mike Sackton: right and not have them all like
Mike Sackton: jam them up right like we don't want to let them all like sit there and cast spells on us all at once. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: It
Mike Sackton: like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just thinking.
Mike Sackton: yeah, go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no, so sorry you had my.
Mike Sackton: I was saying. I was just thinking like
Mike Sackton: if the
Mike Sackton: if they know where his bedroom is and the goal is to
Mike Sackton:  send them. And like, we can.
Mike Sackton: So what are they going to do? First, i' to send an invisible hasted person to just try and steal, it right?
Kate Sackton: yes.
Mike Sackton: So and then they're going to have backup right? They're going to be like, well, if the invisible haste person fails. But how is their backup going to get in quickly. They're not going to be able to gate in right. The the backup is force, the backup is. We're stronger than the the Presidential guards and blah blah blah, and we're gonna take it. But is it gonna it's gonna presumably take some time
Mike Sackton: like this. What I'm trying to figure out like, how are they? Gonna just are they just gonna are they gonna come in as a group like under a cloak of invisibility, or something like that under fasting invisibility and like be nearby. And then just like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Try first to do it without but total subterfuge. If that doesn't work. Then bring
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: come gun guns blazing and fuck everybody up.
Mike Sackton: but like so like if we it's at a trap in the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oh.
Mike Sackton: in the if we if we had Lubash's bedroom
Mike Sackton: as the place where we're trying to get them to go.
Mike Sackton: Now, I don't know where is supposed to be right, like, presumably he doesn't want to be lying there sleeping with the cloak
Mike Sackton: just waiting. He doesn't want to bait the trap with himself right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: definitely. Not Does he always wear the cloak, or does he take it off?
Timothy Sackton: I mean pretty much always wears that
Mike Sackton: that I was wondering about an illusionary double. Oh, that's what I was going to say. can we put Lubash in the cloak, in the mirror, in the portable hole?
UU Church of Boulder: The effect of the cloak would no longer.
UU Church of Boulder: The act is in the
Mike Sackton: I mean, yeah, that's not. Gonna that's not a great idea, because then it works will just storm. It's on a different plane in it I can. Yes, I.
UU Church of Boulder: Are there any secret passages like? Can we hide them in the Hidden room, or something
UU Church of Boulder: like I love the idea of fake lubash and fake cloak, sleeping like that's a good ass trap.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we just need to right? And then but imagine right? So we can be hiding like somewhere. The poison troll can be in one of these bedrooms.
Mike Sackton: or one of us can like release the poison troll
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: over here. Something like that, right? Yeah, no. So I I agree that like like like like like. And then I think, like we do like red wedding slash snarlock pit in like the big room like that like, because, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: first traps for the invisible, hasted people that are gonna go straight to the bedroom. And then, when that just doesn't work, we set up. We have the second trap for the the the the the that's gonna come in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where we where we lock or be wallom in so like that center chamber where Brisbane is right now with the cool see? I think
Mike Sackton: I like the red wedding idea, but, like open space, gives them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: works to their advantage like casting with fireball and stuff like that works better in open space. They'll just toast all the archers right
Eric Rosenbaum: in the there. Yeah, I think.
Mike Sackton: like jammed up space where he where there's just not a lot of space. If he can't get off a fireball without
Mike Sackton: King himself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it's a lot more effective. So getting them somehow to like, go into these rooms. Yeah. And what if?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go ahead? Sorry? Yeah. But but but each of these rooms could have different traps in them like one room, could have the mirror traffic like a whole bunch of fuckin mirrors, including, like our trapping mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one could be the troll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One could be like a couple of us.
Mike Sackton: I'm just. I'm just trying to think so. What happens? So imagine we have the trap set, and the invisible preacher, the Invisible One, comes in
Mike Sackton: and we ambush the invisible person and take them out or start to fight them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The problem is well, okay, what happens? Presumably there's some sort of warning. They have the same telepathy thing we do or whatever
Mike Sackton: that person. And then they regroup like
Mike Sackton: that takes away our. How do we get a surprise attack against Tadmos?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What we need is to is to like, take out the invisible person without them being aware that they're taken out. And then they're like, why is why and they are back yet. What's going on, what's going on? And that would be good. That's
Mike Sackton: tough.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're making out the solutions here, which is great for Tim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we what
Eric Rosenbaum: we're making a lot of assumptions here which is great for kin.
Timothy Sackton:  like, not like. I want you to finish your planning so we can start next session without you planning. And
Eric Rosenbaum: let's just keep it simple, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, well, I like the idea of of like putting a bunch of traps in each of these rooms. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so for as many contingencies as possible. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you don't know what or anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there something that we can? Oh, oh, what if! What if? What if can we do the how quickly can you do the wall thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like it's like, after you cast it. The walls just like spring up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's around. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because that's the other thing that main hall. We could do red wedding there if we just erect a whole bunch of walls as a part of the surprise.
Eric Rosenbaum: like trapping people inside there using that spell. It's relatively hard, because there is a maximum
Eric Rosenbaum: range and size of that.
Mike Sackton: And you can only
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who's got well fired. We have all fire.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I wall of fire all the time
Eric Rosenbaum: rizzling could qualify, or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Would that be super useful?
UU Church of Boulder: Can those doorways be closed off? Are there like, or stairways be closed off for their like doors that can close and be barred.
Timothy Sackton: The with the stairway's going down.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, essentially any stair walls.
Timothy Sackton: These stairways don't have doors that can close them off.
Timothy Sackton: They're just like big open staircases going down.  You could, of course, put a wall of stone there to close them off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you need one for each staircase, because they're so far apart.
Timothy Sackton: All the bedrooms of doors, like most of these rooms, have doors.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
how are we going to get
Mike Sackton: their main strike for us to go where we want them to go? I think that's the main question, right like.
Mike Sackton: if you imagine they're going to split up. So first of all, okay, there's 2 possibilities right? They either send in a sneak.
Mike Sackton: They send in an
Mike Sackton: A thief and invisible thief descend in voa right?
Mike Sackton: Or somebody like that invisible pasted to go in assassinate Lubesh and grab the cloak right? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Or
they all of them come crashing in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right.
Mike Sackton: So if they send in one person. then there's at least a decent chance. If we got surprised we could take them out before they could escape.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, right?
Mike Sackton: We don't know if they can. If they could send some sort of shriekish help whatever, but we could probably take the.
Mike Sackton: So then
Mike Sackton: that's kind of good for us. Right? We take out one person.
Mike Sackton: and then the remainder has no idea what's going on. So what do they do?
Mike Sackton: They give up? They're not going to give up right away from crashing in. They're gonna come crashing in right. But
Mike Sackton: why not let them come crashing into Lbex. I mean. I think you don't try and stop them until they get just stay where you are
UU Church of Boulder: right. I agree. I like keeping them in this hall. I mean, yeah, there's lots of places where we can take them one at a time.
UU Church of Boulder: And then. you know, after Kenza goes down, and the next person can and fight on.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I
Mike Sackton: I mean, the nice thing about this hall is we can we? Can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We could set traps in the hall, which already talking about. By the way. So here's do you see the circle.
Mike Sackton: the bedroom? So it's this all?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And so every one of those rooms we set up traps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We do a mirror trap, we do a mirror trap. In one of them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we we leave a poison troll in one of them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in that of the North there.
Mike Sackton: and I think what
Mike Sackton: ultimately the goal would be to try and get me again. The main goal is to be able to get the drop on Cadmus or Cassian. Take out one of their spellcasters by getting the drop on them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right. If you have to go down this little windy, windy little fucking corridor that's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then we can pop out like we. And we, if we get a couple of fighters right? Oh, can we wall a flame to keep them from escaping.
Mike Sackton: I mean, and that's the nice thing like if they come down this doorway you could do like
Mike Sackton: could engulf this whole area and a wall of flame.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that was right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we've all flamed so that they they, they, they. They stay inside that that tunnel, that quarter.
Mike Sackton: and what I like. So I mean, the one thing that where it starts to go badly is if their sneaky person comes in
Mike Sackton: and escapes.
Mike Sackton: Then I'm not sure what we do.
Mike Sackton: because we lose the prize right? But
UU Church of Boulder: that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So along those lines, how do we kill the sneaky person? This is come into the bedroom, and there's a couple of us on there, and we just got seek attack or sneak around and just just fuck them up.
Mike Sackton: How is my thinking?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I also like, what about what about Wellbe being inside the bedroom? so that after the sneaky guy gets taken out he he's just in there like shooting down the corridor.
Mike Sackton: How good is our! See how goods are! C. Invisible! Can anybody see invisibility other than Delaware?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know. So you gotta be in that room. Delta definitely needs to be in the room.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we have a scroll. I think that just as as a single second level it's seen as a building cast.
Mike Sackton: I mean, the invisible is pretty good because it lasts for an hour
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
UU Church of Boulder: And
UU Church of Boulder: can we do anything to neutralize that invisibility?
Eric Rosenbaum: This? But sickening radius, does it?
Mike Sackton:  but that's
Mike Sackton: actually sickening. Radius is not a bad.
Mike Sackton: It's a con safe, right? But you met they anybody who fails the con Safe
Mike Sackton:  admits a greenish greenish light.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: 30 foot radius sphere.
Mike Sackton: So I mean, that could cover most of the court like that could definitely cover a significant
Mike Sackton: chunk. Right? That's a not a bad spell. It's pretty good.
Mike Sackton: but they have to fell. They're safe. They make their save. It doesn't. It doesn't matter.
Mike Sackton: and I can do see and visibility, but it's only on me. But somebody else having seen, I mean the problem with seeing visibility, of course, is like it's only last for an hour.
Mike Sackton: so I can't
Mike Sackton: cast it in advance
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can ask my links
Mike Sackton: Shields to garden area.
Mike Sackton: and that'll alarm if anybody enters the area, whether they're invisible or not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that's awesome, is it a loud alarm, or just like to you either way. Oh, I know it. Wow! Wait! Can it? Is it like the spell, or does it? Only me. I don't remember
Timothy Sackton: it's either one. The only difference from the spell is that it is not the the links is actually like a ghostly links is actually pacing around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's fucking great, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's fucking perfect. Then then we get the jump on them. So then we know when they're near.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then you can cast the sickening radius so that we can see invisible. and then we fuck them up in the bedroom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, Mike.
Mike Sackton: I mean. I think so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's lock that in.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you've been pacing and plotting for the past couple of hours in the palace before turning in, you return to the
Timothy Sackton:  return again to the Throne room, where now Lubash is just sitting contemplating
Timothy Sackton: Lubash and the Loremaster are still there. The the
Timothy Sackton: young one has gone to bed.
Timothy Sackton: and you. Lobby, sneaks off to take out the mirror and you summon the Orc.
Timothy Sackton: Who appears in the mirror looking she is. She is sort of a
Timothy Sackton: middle-aged Orc, probably 30, 40, 50, something like that hard to tell.
Timothy Sackton: Looks
Timothy Sackton:  not in, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: like she's not like super badly damaged, but she's like your clothes are tattered. She doesn't really have any equipment or anything.
Timothy Sackton: she's just kind of
Timothy Sackton: like looking around, and then looks up and sort of sees. but sees you all in lubation.
Timothy Sackton: And I said something in Orkish
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which deal with understands.
Timothy Sackton:  If Delaware wants to cast tongues. he does. Okay?
Timothy Sackton:  so you can telepathically tell us what it's on. And then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that was also gives Kenzo all of his matter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Most of them would not do ken so much good at all doesn't matter. He does it.
Timothy Sackton: The oracle
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton:  then so while well done with, is is casting tongues, Lubash says to you all telepathically.
Timothy Sackton: Who's Agata?
Eric Rosenbaum: Who?
UU Church of Boulder: But
UU Church of Boulder: with an evil face.
UU Church of Boulder: which who like to make bargains that were awful for everyone.
Timothy Sackton: He's sort of listening, as as you know, this Orc is is babbling on and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait, do we? And do we understand it? Because, because, yeah. So Dallas picks up midstream? She, you know the Orc is sort of babbling about.
Timothy Sackton:  a Goth is
Timothy Sackton: at.
Timothy Sackton: I won't. I won't tell her. But
Timothy Sackton: I I I I didn't tell her anything.
Timothy Sackton: She threw me in here.
Timothy Sackton: What?
Timothy Sackton: Where? Where am I?
UU Church of Boulder: That's the
Timothy Sackton: where is she?
Timothy Sackton: Can you get her out?
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah. But where is she from? I mean, what's she going to do when she gets out?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will she fight for us?
Timothy Sackton: I don't think she's in any condition to fight, but she is one of my people.
UU Church of Boulder: Oh. oh, yeah, we can definitely get her out. Yeah, absolutely.
Mike Sackton: But some what's our only cert.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she's behind the right boat. Children. people. The remember. Yeah, she was the clue planted, like, you know, years ago, for you to find and learn about the Orcs. And you just ignored.
Eric Rosenbaum: no, that's amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're releasing them at the right time. Perfect
Mike Sackton: released.
Timothy Sackton: She she sort of falls out of the mirror and, like
Timothy Sackton: you know, like meals down in front of Lubash, and is like, kind of
Timothy Sackton: just just kind of. I'm swaying back and forth a little bit, and then and then collapses and and looks up, and also still speaking and or forkish, and
Timothy Sackton: Lubash is is translating
Timothy Sackton: I mean. Well, deal with can be translating to his. Lubash says, you know. She says
Timothy Sackton: she's like says to her, and or is like, Slow down, slow down,
Timothy Sackton: She wants to know what year it is.
Timothy Sackton: Tell her
Timothy Sackton: it's been
Timothy Sackton: 60 years.
Timothy Sackton: This is strange magic.
Timothy Sackton: she said. It was if it was yesterday.
Mike Sackton: Yes. it does strange things to your sense of time.
Timothy Sackton: I was in my father's mother's time
Timothy Sackton: as chief
Timothy Sackton:  she was.
Timothy Sackton: So that you're okay, Miss Tesla.
Timothy Sackton: You're safe.
Timothy Sackton: says she was
Timothy Sackton: captured, kidnapped
Timothy Sackton: by Orcs.
Timothy Sackton: The chained ones on our borders.
Timothy Sackton: she had
Timothy Sackton: ventured out to scout.
Timothy Sackton: She had been a scout riding from our borders, trying to keep us aware of any disturbances that might threaten
Timothy Sackton: Western end.
Timothy Sackton: They were cruel to her.
Timothy Sackton: but she was not killed. because the Orc said there was some witch, and Gata who would trade
Timothy Sackton: powerful favor, is an exchange
Timothy Sackton: for Orcs from this land
Timothy Sackton: from between the rivers. They said
Timothy Sackton: she said. Got to. Knew all about the cloak.
Timothy Sackton: Didn't know that I have been found.
Mike Sackton: A gate is from the Cloud spinner's domain.
Timothy Sackton: and you say she is gone. dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: captured.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: imprisoned.
Mike Sackton: She has been imprisoned by
Mike Sackton: with Bay for her crimes.
Timothy Sackton: This Orc would only tell her legends and stories that she already knew.
Timothy Sackton: and so she was beaten and tossed in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: She said
Timothy Sackton: every now and again she would wake up.
Timothy Sackton: felt like it was just moments passing.
Timothy Sackton: and then gossip would question her more, and Gotcha's hut never seemed to change until she thought it was just
Timothy Sackton: minutes between. Each interrogation
Timothy Sackton: must have been years.
Timothy Sackton: She is
Timothy Sackton: understandably shaken. That
Timothy Sackton: everyone she knew is likely gone.
Timothy Sackton: but she seems to not have given away our location.
Timothy Sackton: or the secret that the cloak was still
Timothy Sackton: had been found and recovered.
Timothy Sackton: or any of the
Timothy Sackton: more hidden tales of our people to Ingata.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you for bringing her back.
Timothy Sackton: We'll find somebody to care for her.
Timothy Sackton: She had no children, but she had a sister. so perhaps she has nieces or nephews still in this world.
Mike Sackton: I'm glad we could unite her.
Mike Sackton: Thank you, Welby, for thinking of her.
Mike Sackton: Not a gert to
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: any of us.
UU Church of Boulder: Let's remember all of us when we run into a bunch of peaceful hob goblins. We've got one of those in there, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, but he spoke to her. You know he spoke to her. She is not peaceful.
Timothy Sackton: She tried to convince you to let her set up for a little slave empire off somewhere where she wouldn't bother anybody.
Mike Sackton: She could probably take crush.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: maybe you could try
Mike Sackton: try giving her a slave on buyer in exchange for killing garage
UU Church of Boulder: think she'd take the ring of undying in exchange for
Kate Sackton: now
Timothy Sackton: you
Timothy Sackton: over there just gonna do a a many times skip to wrap up just so that we can start.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait. Do we complete our plans for the yeah. I think you know your plans right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're doing the invisibility thing. Where are we going to be so? Who's going to be in the bedroom.
Mike Sackton: I mean, all of us could be in the
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, no, I'm up in the ship.
Mike Sackton: so you have to come fight with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm fighting from the ship. It's great sorry. See you. You have to come out. What are you doing?
Mike Sackton: We need your spells.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm really allergic to fireball. So.
Eric Rosenbaum: losing his bravery. I've never had it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we all do. We all want to be in the in the bedroom. I I feel like we should be like we should so oh, well, I guess if it's going to be phased. we could be in the bedroom, and then, yeah, you know, we'll be stay in the corridor like, cause you know, Ken Kenza needs hand-to-hand combat, so he should be in one of like the front, the front rooms.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anybody comes in there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and and I think we should set up a mirror trap in one of them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: at least a room full of mirrors.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where do we get these mirrors
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that mirrors?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, this is a city of 1,500 people. I'm sure there are mirrors. If you ask.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, let's assume that mirrors. But but we know. But we'll be mirror trap. And we also put like the fucking trapping mirrors that anybody that goes in that room right? This will be later, right? Like the invisible Hasted people are going to be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a yeah. This will be people walking down.
UU Church of Boulder: I don't put that mirror, too, because, like I,
UU Church of Boulder: we get into a situation where if someone grabs the mirror, we have to like protect the mirror. Yeah, like, the mirror can almost become a hostage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we just hide in the rooms and just fuck people up.
Mike Sackton: Why.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the advantage of hiding in the rooms instead of just all hiding in the the bedroom
Mike Sackton: and the bedroom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that? Do do we then all get trapped with no place to escape.
Mike Sackton: That might be the advantage of hiding in the other rooms instead of bedrooms.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we split up a little bit.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, if we're in the other rooms. We have the possibility of boxing people in and behind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we're gonna wall, fire them in right like behind at the entrance of the corridor
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so that way they're in like a hall of death.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right? They got Wildfire on the back. fucking people cut popping in and out of the the bedrooms like we can put the the 2 orc fighters in there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll be in one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, these at the end of the corridor, you know, flaying them with arrows. And I mean.
Kate Sackton: let's just think about this for a minute. So if it was in the cloak.
Mike Sackton: yeah, that's a we he needs, we. We need a secure place for him to be, but it also
Mike Sackton: that's a tricky one, because it can't be so. You can't be lying in bad right.
Mike Sackton: but it also can't be so far away that if the trap doesn't work they just go get him. If they can figure it out right like.
Mike Sackton: why doesn't he have a secret room off of his bedroom? Kings should have secret rooms off their but it's just really about, because it's secret. Right there you go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's he's not a strategic ruler. If he doesn't have a secret escape way out of his room has to have a ski, Tim. This is, I mean, and they've been here for fucking forever. You know they they must. They must. There must be a little set of set of neat little underground tunnels and shit. You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: basic. This is like palace in tree, one on one
Timothy Sackton: they do have. I mean, they do have escaped. But
Timothy Sackton: there, there are. I mean, there are the tunnels there are like K's to the east, right? And they they there is. They do have an escape route from the from the palace
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from the Kings. But well, I guess, could could we? If it's not all the way there could we mold earth. could we? Could we tunnel there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I'm directly below the the bedroom.
Timothy Sackton:  let me turn off
Timothy Sackton: dynamic lighting.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, here's the garden, these
Eric Rosenbaum: these 2
Timothy Sackton: like tower.
Timothy Sackton: This is like inside the tower.
Timothy Sackton: and this goes down these 2 go down these stairs, or sorry this stair goes up, and this there goes down into a
Timothy Sackton: kind of underneath the castle
Mike Sackton: that leads out beyond the walls. But how do you get to that stair?
Timothy Sackton: Well, you have to go down here.
Timothy Sackton: and then through the hallway, and then through the garden into the stair. There's not like a direct passage from there's not a secret passage from the bedroom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Billy Nick learns an escape route from the palace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we make one? Is it hard to mold earth like a tunnel
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker a tunnel? Through what though the ground underground.
Eric Rosenbaum: that this is the first floor. The floor up. The bedroom is on the second floor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all the shit on the second floor that we're looking at right now. Yeah, yeah. The garden is the first floor. You go up these stairs here.
Timothy Sackton: This is like, open.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: black.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can we? So can we stash libos?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It' be so nice if we were just he was just away, you know, or just like, in the tunnel system.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is complicated where we put them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on the airship.
Kate Sackton: It's going to say problem being and when there to protect him.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah. But if they have a way of tracking. I mean, this is just speculation, and if they have a way of tracking the actual cloak somehow.
UU Church of Boulder: you know, do we want it close to the decoy
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: undergrad and the great
Mike Sackton: locate object, for example.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that has a range of a thousand feet. So.
Mike Sackton: But you have to have seen it at least once.
Mike Sackton: but but some of them have really. yeah.
Timothy Sackton: the Wizard Evelina has seen the cloak
Eric Rosenbaum: interesting.
Mike Sackton: So once they're within a thousand feet, locate object might help them. For example.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's a what's a thousand feet on this man on the better map?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, this is, this is 300 feet. So that's like, well, outside the palace, a thousand feet like outside the palace walls right now, this is gonna be risky as all book and hell. Then it's like, then they then it's just like they gotta come in there.
Mike Sackton: We could just put the cloak inside a headline box just like we keep our stuff inside a wetline box.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and then the locate object will work. Let's do that.
Mike Sackton: and we put him inside of that line. But just put the does he? Does he have to be wearing the cloak for it to work?
Mike Sackton: Does he like? Does it literally stop working if he like, takes it off
Kate Sackton: to take a bath? No.
Timothy Sackton: it's not quite that sensitive.
Kate Sackton: He has to be fully in possession of it. Can he be holding the lead line box? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean, he. It's not
Timothy Sackton: he? The mirror wouldn't work because it's a different plane. It's not right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, he like, you know, stores the he doesn't sleep in the cloak right? Oh, what does he do with the cook when he's when he's not sleeping in it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where is it? In his closet? The fuck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the fuck kind of security probably has a locked chest
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect
Kate Sackton: in his closet, actually doesn't really have a cloud. Well, this is kind of closet. Okay, I'm gonna give you a lead line box. I really like that. Our artifact. We take so much care wit that it's hidden like on another plane inside of like
UU Church of Boulder: is in the closet.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there were people like hanging out for months trying to get it, and they failed.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: he's not like. Normally, he would
Timothy Sackton: like, you know, he uses locks right like he has. And you know there's probably some
Timothy Sackton: he does live in a guarded palace. Yeah, it's not like there's
Timothy Sackton: it's not like there's no guards around right like. There's probably always 2 guards stationed in front of his door, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It just not like they're just not expecting magical theft right.
Timothy Sackton: and he's not optimized to prevent magical stack, because the idea is like, how would our mit even our last decision? Our last decision for the night, is, where is the actual cloak going to be? And where is actual? We don't change.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I know the fucker those gonna be. If we're all going to be up here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: being all trappy. Where the fuck are those where we put in them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This must be designed.
UU Church of Boulder: You
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I really like if
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  oh, yeah, because the locate object thing.
Kate Sackton: What if if they can't sense it at all? They'll just assume that it's in a bloodline box or something. So, having it be in the wrong place, is worse than having it be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or if we have them, sense it. and then they think that they know where it is, and then we fucking stash it
Mike Sackton: high risk? Right? Well, no, because of of your fucking sensor thing like you have your invisibility, sensor thing. So as soon as that gets tripped we execute, move the move, the fucking cloak, and the box.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we? Can we just like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim can delivery passage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's going to be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We build a secret passage. Yeah, seriously, we got a day.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got dwarves
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and worse.
Timothy Sackton: Can we build a secret passage through the stone
Timothy Sackton: like through the from the bathroom to like this alcove or something.
Mike Sackton: But in Jail Cove that's what
Mike Sackton: like right like here
Timothy Sackton: like here.
Mike Sackton: that would be perfect.
Timothy Sackton: That's only like, I mean, this is, this is not like entirely
Timothy Sackton: you probably need. This would be a little tricky, because this is an entirely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have 2 dwarfs, and they're so skilled.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's not entirely like open
Timothy Sackton: like this is the where the like. It's like, basically a thick wall, right? So like this interior thing is wall, but this is just like a gap.
Timothy Sackton: This is like a gap.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, there's like architecture.
Timothy Sackton: right? So you'd have to go like, I mean. So it's quite tricky to build a secret passage from the second floor to somewhere else, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like, I'm trying to imagine how the N. 2 dwarfs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Rossum.
Kate Sackton: the secret stairwell, then to the garden. What about just what is what's underneath his bedroom?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's it. A trap door
Timothy Sackton: underneath his bedroom? Yeah, it's like
Timothy Sackton: is would be would be like a a garden part of the garden.
Kate Sackton: I mean, it's like weird, because sunlight chains down from the sky.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What
Kate Sackton: I don't understand the architecture of this building that's got gardens on the first floor. The garden isn't really the right
Eric Rosenbaum: like, okay. So
Mike Sackton: look, it's like, but I I make gardens, and I try to avoid putting big tones on top of my buildings on top.
Mike Sackton: It's an it's an underground garden like an underground garage, but for plans.
Timothy Sackton: So actually, I think these wait, let me hold on. Hold on! If it's if it's just above and there's nothing below it, then that's even better. We fucking build wall fucking. Do? Wall, earth shit like right underneath it.
Kate Sackton: This, the haste we built earth wall by the palace that wasn't there before won't be
Kate Sackton: okay
if
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we just need, we just need look this. So this all that all these happen when the fucking thing gets tripped and the Mother Foger comes in and we get through the alarm bell. They think that the thing is in there, and then we drop the. We drop the the thing into a lead box and then get it the fuck out of that area so that it's not anywhere near. It's not close, you know.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we can afford to have rounds wasted getting it out of places.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we but we could get some of their motherfuckers to go, you know, like, go and move it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just to move it out of out of, out of the state of place, so we can have a whole fight there and not worry about it where it is, and that's what that's when, if they can take it and fucking run with Lubos and it and be there at all. Yeah, why don't we just put it somewhere totally else?
Eric Rosenbaum: If it disappears today, it's your friendship from censoring view. Like, if
Kate Sackton: if they can't do locate object whenever they get in range of the entire yeah region, because it's just not locate objectable. They'll just have to come up with a new plan. Yeah, like
Kate Sackton: then they'll just be going in blind, and it'll be fine so that it needs to be there as a fake.
Kate Sackton: I don't think it needs to be bait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the problem is, if they can't find locate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess they just have to scout it out, because the only place they know about what is the bedroom, so they have to go there first, no matter what. But if it disappeared, then they would know that they would kind of know that it's removed, you know.
Kate Sackton: No, I think they would think that we told him that they are magic users, and told him to put it in an iron box. Yeah and move it, or the magic users. He put it in that and back
Eric Rosenbaum: we. So we tried to set up the deception where they're going to think that we've been kicked out of the palace to pretend that that happened. We have to follow that what tomorrow is for tomorrow we're going to spend the whole day pretending that that happened
Kate Sackton: and hoping to destroy us
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: after I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: forbidden the palace, we're gonna we're gonna have to. I mean, if they that that actually is a good reason why they would. They would put it in an iron like a a fucking box, and like make it more. Because if we leave. Then it's like, Oh, f day, you know, or we tried to steal it. And we
Mike Sackton: told them, right. we we
Kate Sackton: yeah, we actually object with our magic.
Mike Sackton: or I can sense it anywhere. And I mean, maybe we should have him go on the other. What about the other side?
Mike Sackton: So like I wait. Do you have the other map?
Mike Sackton: Can you just trap the work? We need them to go to the bedroom we now what about the mirror image? If they went to the other direct another place it would be fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but I don't understand. How. Why would they go there?
Mike Sackton: I
Mike Sackton: I don't understand these gardens. How do they grow? I I think that these are. I'm not sure these 2 maps really corresponding
Kate Sackton: quite how they're supposed to correspond. We need to talk a Patreon guy. Yeah, that's pretty funny. Sure. They're indoor gardens.
Timothy Sackton: I I think, is not really. These aren't really gardens. These are
Timothy Sackton: like this up here is like a big is like. So the way I imagine this palace is like, there's there's like domes and arches everywhere. And so there's like this is like a big courtyard with a fountain.
Timothy Sackton: and the throne room is above it. But there's like
Mike Sackton: this. These are giant archways where light is shining through right. And so it's it's almost like cathedral. Ask right?
Timothy Sackton: I don't. I would just pretend that this actually killing suspension or disbelief moving around. There aren't really gardens probably is more like, you know, indoor plants. It's fine. They're they're undead plants.
Kate Sackton: Let's go back to our conversation that we got to finish this and go to bed. Yeah, we gotta go to bed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So where the fuck are we? The thing is, if we disappear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we need them to go. We need to lure them to like where we, where you know what would be their reason for for for going to the bedroom if they don't. If it's now off the map. No, that's true. No, yeah, because they know he keeps it with him at all times.
Kate Sackton: They'll just assume it's in his bedroom in a lead box is my point. Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: Stealth in at night. Kill him, take it
UU Church of Boulder: real quick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How how far away does he have to be from it for it to still be still work.
Timothy Sackton:  I'm not sure he's ever really experimented.
Kate Sackton: not willing to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I think, probably
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in the same room.
Timothy Sackton: you know.
Timothy Sackton: not
Timothy Sackton: hundreds of feet. You know that the range of the well there's a whole nother problem here which is that if he's not wearing the cloak
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're all and turning it off, you're all basically useless, right.
Mike Sackton: unless he's just not in the air. This is why I think he has to be a hundred feet away. He can't be in the same. It doesn't make sense for him to be in the same room as us, right.
Mike Sackton: But ideally, that's why, I see that's why
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we really want him to be somewhere where he can escape from totally the the the underground fucking tunnel thing. I think he needs to be like. We need to make a little tunnel that connects to the existing underground tunnel, and then he can be in there like below us. I mean, you can make a trap door that drops into this
Timothy Sackton: this.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we're calling that. Yeah. that's what I was thinking right? And then, if he can.
Mike Sackton: if he can, be beneath us right in the tunnel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect with some of his guards. Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then and then they get the fuck out of there once the attack happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Brilliant.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I can. He's wearing the cloak, or where's the cloak?
Mike Sackton: The quote is in a lead line. It does he have to be wearing it to turn it off.
Timothy Sackton: I mean he turn it off and then take it off. No, he has to actively suppress the shielding effect.
Mike Sackton: but if it's a hundred feet away from us, who cares? If it's a hundred feet away from you, it doesn't matter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, then then then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what we do we? I think it's in a red line box
Mike Sackton: that he's carrying in the tunnel. and if things start going badly we have a trap door to drop down and catch up to him in the tunnel very quickly.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then I can make a realistic looking
Eric Rosenbaum: decoy cloak. But what do we do with that one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Leave it in the bedroom.
Mike Sackton: The decoy is in the bedroom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just where the cloak would normally have been. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yes, and also we have the airship as our getaway vehicle
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: at the other end of the top.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that a thing I'm at?
Timothy Sackton: The there's a there's an underground tunnel that is
Timothy Sackton: basically right by the walls, and you can the city walls right? So it exits from the palace and comes out
Timothy Sackton: just outside the city walls.
Eric Rosenbaum: just like in our. We're we'rew through.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, although actually, I think this one would exit just inside the city walls. But at a place where there's a
Eric Rosenbaum: door in the wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: the world. We'll sit the ship
Eric Rosenbaum: at the edge of the city.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we have a plan.
Timothy Sackton: So as you all return to the airship to rest
Timothy Sackton: we will pick up in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: well, let me let me let me.
Timothy Sackton: suggest 2 possibilities.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to like, if if we want to role play the, you know.
Timothy Sackton: spending the day convincing him.
Timothy Sackton: And stuff. That's fine, too, if if you want to. I could also just make that part of my intro, if you just, you know that's great. That's just that. Let's get a couple of d 20 wells right now. So I know how well it goes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: So I I would say, what are we rolling? That's what I'm just thinking about. Just how I you just roll a d. 20, and I can. Well, no, this would be, I mean, this is where we're acting right? It's basically charisma. It's gonna be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dull, it deception, probably.
Mike Sackton: Yes, deception, but I don't want to roll, because I wrote it too.
Timothy Sackton: It's not your always situation. People are ever to be contributing.
Mike Sackton: Well, that's better.
Mike Sackton: It was not better and was inspiration. I rolled a 2 and a one.
Timothy Sackton: You can add inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're all rolling now. Right? We're all rolling now. Right? We're we're we're all rolling now, right? 2,010
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have. I have a plus 5 fucking deception.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think. Isn't it just Dylan?
Timothy Sackton: Just down with a roll of advantage.
Mike Sackton: Did that? That represents all of you out way. I put the ha guess what doesn't know how to do role wrong chat.
Timothy Sackton: and you can throw in guidance there, too.
Timothy Sackton: I've rolled twice and take the higher one for
UU Church of Boulder: for the inspiration.
Mike Sackton: So that's 12. This is the worst possible role.
Timothy Sackton: That's 14.
Mike Sackton: That's terrible.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now.
Timothy Sackton:  we will pick up, I will. I'll roll into my intra. The
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: events of the next day basically sounds good. Wait. Did you just go twice again?
Mike Sackton: No, that just just came. I don't know why it came through weirdly. It every time I rolled it came through 3 times
Mike Sackton: 7, 7, 7, 6, 6, 6
Kate Sackton: doing I since I don't have the spell. I have no idea how much what I would need to roll, for I have a plus 5 deceptions to wake up.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Kenzo should have rolled because he's actually proficient inception.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I roll.
Kate Sackton: We kept trying to say that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I thought I was. I was rolling it by, and you can roll
Timothy Sackton: just one role.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I already did 17 there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but but without any additional things.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So Dow, with and Kenza are the main players in this action. We have a 14 and a 17
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait. Don't I get extra extra spicy stuff, but like some extra guidance now, because that was used all the spicy stuff. Well, no seeker can inspire multiple people out. And actually
Eric Rosenbaum: both Rizwyn and Della can guidance
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you, guidance, your own skill checks?
Timothy Sackton: No, I guided his reason. Guidance is mine. Oh, okay, all right. So what do I do? How do I add, how do I have roll 2D. 10,
Mike Sackton: and then roll Wendy for
Timothy Sackton: so 7 plus 9
Kate Sackton: to buy 17 eat?
Timothy Sackton: yeah. But both Dallas and ken, so have rules to play here, so we'll see those
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. All right. I'm I'm I'm great in debt.
Timothy Sackton: so let me just hold on. Let me just double check here. So
I'm I'm just going to basically fold all of the next day into
Mike Sackton: yes.
Timothy Sackton: my interest. So if there's anything else you think of that. You want to take part, you know, to
Timothy Sackton: include in that day. Then
Timothy Sackton: let me know before our next session.
Eric Rosenbaum: and just confirming our next session is
Timothy Sackton: June first.
Timothy Sackton: and at so I think
Timothy Sackton: we'll have nothing scheduled through the rest of June, because Mike and I are taking non overlapping vacations.
Timothy Sackton: But we're hoping to put in another session sometime, like between July seventh, and
Timothy Sackton: fifteenth, or something which we could schedule next time with.
Timothy Sackton: if yeah yeah
Timothy Sackton: sounds great, and then then that'll feed into the
Timothy Sackton: the New Hampshire weekend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lovely.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, everybody go. Read all your class abilities for next session, you know. Right.
Mike Sackton: read all your class abilities. Make sure you know what what you could do, because it's going to be a fast paced combat with lots of stuff happening. You don't want to wait 10 min for everybody's terms.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck! We might all die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I'm definitely dying, I fucking die every comment. Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right, then. okay, good night.